When It Hurts LyricsEven when it hurts (x4)
Would you still put me first, even when it hurts?

Damn, remember when it was jus an idea?
It's kinda crazy how we made it here
All the pain, hard work and blood, sweat and tears
All the Bros that we lost how we wish was here
I don't like suprises, well, I just hate the stares
I know these bitches ain't shit that's why I stay prepared
My ex tried to make me jealous thinking that I cared
Forgetting bout the last bitch that took what was here
Yea, hard for me to really hurt
I wish me & Brit could make it work
See in her mind think I'm puttin other bitches first
I just wonder who she'll fuck once I'm the dirt
See I watched Myiesha and know she really love my brother
He was dead for a year, she found abother lover, damn
You can't control nothin when you gon
And it's only so long now I'm on so enjoy the moment
Ain it crazy how the brain work
Success is nothin wit no pain first
A couple million right now is what my name worth
I love my nigga much it's like we got the same Earth
Watch niggas they in a disguise
Loyalty til the end who in for the ride?
Xanies and nem perks got a nigga fried
It's like Medusa if you ever lookin in my eyes
Closest I'll get to heaven is my kids
Cos I know I gotta answer fa the shit I did
My hands too dirty for Him to forgive
I mean, it is what it is
Don't understand how I'm still blessed
I'm just tryna stop my mother's stress
Take care of the kids and the ones that my brother left
So if you tryna stop that you betta come correct
She like Albee, why I ain meet ya mother yet?
Cos you'll neva last wit the onces my mother met
I used to sneak outside whIle my mother slept
Prolly made a hundred thousand on my mother's steps, yea
Truth be told, that's a truth be told (x2)
She said Albee don't you lie to me
I said I love you girl, honestly
This is how it gotta be
I know you gettin tired uh me
I be getting tired uh me
It hurt to see you cry ta me
How long would you ride for me?
And see me as your prodigy?
Yea I know you love me but love is like a lie to me
So many people lied to me
It took so much up outta me
I'm drained (x2)
And I don't mean ta put you in the same bucket
But how I protect myself and just saying fuck it?
Hypothetically your love is just ahead of me
And I'm just tryna be a better me, me
The same thing that make you laugh could make you cry
The same thing that make you quit could make you try
I see them tears in her eyes
And it hurt me cos I'm the reason why, I'm the reason why
Why I'm still like this
I know love ain 'posed ta feel like this, it make me feel like shit
Maybe it's best for us to separate
How much you really love me? She don't hesitate
Maybe it's best for the both of us
Why you speaking up for both of us?
Albee boy I know wassup
I don't know it all but I know enough
You acting like it ain't no hope for us
And I gave you all of me
You ignoring me like I ain't show enough
Boy you grown but you ain't growing up
I know (x4)
But, this love shit you gotta brace yourself
Cos if anot her person cross me ima hate myself
And you prolly don't wanna hear it
Cursing me out, thinking I'm careless
Thinkin I don't feel shit
But I would DIE FOR YOU THAT'S REAL SHIT
You know all the pain that I dealt with?
The pain I dealt with
All this pain that I dealt with (x2)
Would you still put me first? (x2)
Even when it seems it don't work?
Even when it seems like it won't work?
Would you still put me first?
Even when it hurts...You might also likeEmbed