More Facts Lyrics[Intro]
Stop with the loose talk, that's how bitches get dog walked
They find out who they fuckin' with and try to call the beef off
I finish bitches off, have yo body outlined in chalk
Ops tryna small talk, you bitches is cotton soft
Don't you got a fuckin' gun, bro?!
Them ain't the only niggas with guns!
You think [?] come through? Fuck it!
What? Is you scared?
You actin' like a real ho right now
And I ain't 'bout to be runnin' 'round this bitch scared
Or hidin' from niggas, so if them niggas is comin'
Some of them niggas is goin', with me
[Verse]
Stop with the loose talk, that's how bitches get dog walked
They find out who they fuckin' with and try to call the beef off
I finish bitches off, have yo body outlined in chalk
Ops tryna small talk, you bitches is cotton soft
The molly make niggas stall, on the block, 6 o'clock
You know we all got chops, free Roc
My big brother always kept him a Glock
Bitch, don't get yo head knocked
Blowin' on this cookie, call Ro to restock
Bitch, you is a crumb, I win a thousand to none
Somethin' in that water got that lil bitch goin' dumb
Why they hatin'? They just mad 'cause I'm winnin'
Came up in a month and it's only the beginnin'
Wantin' some attention, talkin' bullshit in my mentions
Hoes sneak dissin' tryna get some recognition
Did you know I specialize in makin' bitches go missin'?
Makin' boss moves, I'm rackin' up this chicken
Unknown ass hoes throwin' shade, I'm goin' harder
Thirsty ass bitch, I guess you still need water
200k in one week, I know that's why they bothered
'Cause before I wrote a verse, these hoes ain't ever have a problem
Molly to the beef of the baddest bitch in the D
Told the bitch to take a seat, I know she can't stand me
Hoes tryna diss me and got the nerve to be weak
Can't give a fuck about a bitch, I put bands over beef
You might also like[Outro]
What the fuck, is you scared?!
What is you in this shit for, bro?!
It'll come a time where we gon' have to boss one of them niggas
I don't know about you, but I'm ready for that!
You better pick another game, homeboy
This shit is eat or get ate
Fuck wrong with you?5Embed