No Exposing Lyrics[Intro]
Ain't no exposing me
(Damn Max, this one's too hard)
(Bitch)
(Ha) Ayy
This bitch go crazy
What the fuck they on?
Doll

[Chorus]
Ayy, we gon' fuck or not? (What?)
Rather give my pussy to the realest so I fucked the Glock (Grrah, boom)
Fly me to them niggas who be icy, fucked them on the spot (Uh-huh)
I came up out my Fendi like I'm Nelly, bitch, I'm really hot
Ha, ayy, this pussy hit different
Pointers on the face, my Rollie' matching like they twin sisters (Boom)
Fed that nigga pussy when he hungry, he's a big tipper
Taking these bitches nigga 'cause I'm rawеr and my lips bigger (Doll)
[Verse 1]
Ayy, I got a ice fetish
Addictеd to hood niggas who spend blues and stack up green lettuce (Wack)
We don't kiss and tell, but he be braggin' I'm his throat devil (Uh-uh)
Brain so good, he calling for some more, call me his pain killer (Daddy, what?)
Ha, sike, what the fuck is that?
He gon' eat this cat before we fuck, I don't give no neck (Fuck)
If he want this head up off my shoulders, I need more checks
If I tell my friend to top you off, that shit cost four jets
Yeah, nigga, we finessin'
Swipin' for them chains, so buy me one, make my shit wetter (Uh-huh)
Flew back to New York, I fit your nigga in my schedule (Uh-uh)
Your ex bitch thought that you wouldn't fall in love, how when I'm better? (Fuck)
Dumbass, ayy, and he touchin' me
Postin' that I fucked another nigga, that's how it's s'pposed to be (I did)
Stay up out my business, bitches mad 'cause ain't no ho in me
All these niggas rockin' with me, bitch ain't no exposing me (Ha)

[Chorus]
Ayy, we gon' fuck or not? (What?)
Rather give my pussy to the realest so I fucked the Glock (Grrah, boom)
Fly me to them niggas who be icy, fucked them on the spot (Uh-huh)
I came up out my Fendi like I'm Nelly, bitch, I'm really hot
Ha, yeah, this pussy hit different
Pointers on the face, my Rollie' matching like they twin sisters (Boom)
Fed that nigga pussy when he hungry, he's a big tipper
Taking these bitches nigga 'cause I'm rawer and my lips bigger (Doll)
You might also like[Post-Chorus]
Mm, ayy, ain't no exposin' me
Yeah, bitch, ain't no exposing me (Uh-uh)
Ayy, yeah, ain't no exposing me (Uh-uh)
Fucked that nigga twice, ayy, bitch ain't no exposing me

[Verse 2]
Posted with lil' Jack, he be flyer, like a fucking kite (Ayy)
Go ask him how I ride it, bet he tell you "Like a motorbike"
He bought me a Birkin, so you know that's love at first sight (On gang)
And if I ain't have my period, I would've fucked him on the first night (Facts)
Speak real facts, whore
I ain't never been a snake, no back door
I ain't never been scared, I don't act hard
If a bitch want smoke, gotta pack for her (Boom)
These niggas wanna fuck so I wanna fuck too
Bitch steady online, what a bitch gon' do?
I turn a ho up on the 'net or the stu'
I'ma say this shit again, I'm the one and the two

[Refrain]
Uh, ayy, ain't no exposin' me (Uh-uh, uh-uh)
Uh, bitch, ain't no exposin' me (Uh-uh, uh-uh)
Uh, ayy, ain't no exposin' me (Never)
Fucked that nigga twice, dumb bitch, ain't no exposin' me (let's go)
[Outro]
Fuck they talkin' 'bout? (Uh-uh)
(Yeah) Dumbass bitch
Anything I did, I'ma stand on that shit
Bitch can't expose shit, ha
Yeah (Dumbass)
Fuck you talkin' 'bout?
I did that shit, wassup?
(Doll)Embed