Joestar (JoJo’s Bizarre Adventure) Lyrics[Jonathan Joestar: Rustage]
OG, boy, better know me
Beefing up with muscles that are mighty like I’m Broly
OP, force like Kenobi, I will never fall back
Tackle 'em so hard, he be looking like the All Blacks
Speedwagon 'cuz I overdrive
Breath, dragon, when he burns alive
Dio planning, so my dog will die
Be like John Wick, so you won’t survive
Striking like Big Ben, the bells ring
Burn up like kelvin
Vampire hunter, Van Helsing
Hammer the nails in, divine intervention
Ya crash like a zеppelin, a stairway to heaven
Usеd to be the same team, but we’re not the same league
You know that your time is up right when you hear the main theme
Beating Dio before it became mainstream
Jojo, I created a legacy
[Joseph Joestar: Nux Taku]
Oh my Gooooooood
It’s that Joestar, ultimate deceiver
'Cuz ladies love me, I’m a real pleaser
Ask Suzy Q about my robot fingers
All this Hamon, I don’t need a breather
Any game I play, I’m the best cheater
Too hot, gave Esidisi fever
Enemies drop hard like a rock on Caesar
Rest in peace, I’m the pillars’ reaper
Even Wamuu sees that he’s the weaker
What? You’re still a nonbeliever?
Your next line is: “You’re a mindreader?”
I’m taking DIO to the cleaners
By running away, now he runs in circles
Grab a TV, what’s this commercial?
Not tentacle porn, it’s Hermit Purple

[Jotaro Kujo: CDawgVA]
Yare yare daze
Need a hand? Then I got you
Star Platinum leaves 'em all bruised
Lookin' like a body tattoo
I don’t have the time to argue
Why not look into my soul? (YES!)
Catch my slight of hand
It’s going straight into your dome! (ORA!)
Death at your door is knockin'
On your noggin when against my squadron
Got the upperhand? Don’t stay confident
Learned from Joseph to play the possum
And I don’t bluff too often
Approaching DIO and I’ll squash him
Promise I’m puttin' him back in his coffin
Savin' The World, then saving the dolphins
You might also like[Josuke Higashikata (Part 4): JY Pucci Shawty]
Its about to get crazy, diamond
Just got here with the timing
The Joestars, yeah, you know who we are
Couldn’t keep up even if you was a Highway Star
A real man has a pompadour
Diss that, then I gotta to beat your ass for sure
I’m not an explorer, but I would just dora my way through Heaven’s Door
Uh
Guerito daze, rearrange your body
Wanna fight me? Then go ahead try me
No, not Stallone, but I would make you rocky
Yo, Angelo, 'nother day feeling phenomenal
Wanna get fixed up? My Stand got the antidote
But don’t get mixed up, 'cuz I would break all your bones
Bars are red hot, ain't talking chill pepper
Tell all these villains they gotta do better

[Giorna Giovanna: The Anime Man]
You never had a chance to start with
The illegitimate child of DIO, I’m a bandit
Of class and prowess, power is limitless
I killed Biggie Smalls and sacrificed my arm with
Which I’ll give a fist of life, before I kiss your wife and
Diss the time you tried to fight the guy who
Defies all, y’all better watch your back
Before my boys rock up to your house and ratatatat, uh
Gangstar: I am truly bizarre
When my theme comes on, you better rock that guitar
It’s all over when my Muda leave you cold and hideous
Pissing on your grave; that’s a Golden Experience
And everybody’s out to get us
Passione: we be killin’ it from Rome to Venice
It’s evident: Diavolo gonna roll in his grave
When I put his ass to sleep: Requiem for a Dream
[Jolyne Cujoh: Chi-Chi]
Comin' in a sixth generation
Facin' off with incarceration
Didn’t do the crime, but still I'm walking the line
Unravel the rabble, tie you up in a battle
Big or small, you’re up against a stone wall
Place your bets, you’ll be fallin'
Drying up the plans you be plottin'
Oh Father, please forgive me for the beat I’ll be droppin'
Like lightning, I’ll fire
Bring you down like a fighter
Gotta keep it in the family
Ora-ra-ra-ra

[Johnny Joestar: None Like Joshua]
All my life I’ve been cursed
Jesus, help me start walkin'
Too determined to be first
In this race, I don’t have an option
You don’t want to tango with a Slow Dancer
Drop kick 'em all with the top spin
All my enemies want their own damn hearse?
Fingernails put nails in their coffin
No, I can’t stand, but I got a Stand to
Lay you in the dirt; spin the tables to turn
You want to catch a Saint’s hand?
Break a leg, 'cause I’m sure
You’re about to find out if my Steel Balls work
Dio on the way of the dinosaurs; no way to defend
I’m going from Act 1 to 4, don’t delay your end
Valentine is trying to make America great again
But you want the last shot? Take it to the head

[Josuke Higashikata (Part 8): Caleb Hyles]
Who am I? Welcome to my struggle
Got one mind, but the body feels doubled
Searching my past, I don’t want no trouble
Trust me, you don’t want to burst my bubble
Soft and Wet just stole your scent
Your sight, your sound, call it pop music
Don’t slip up when I’m around
'Cuz I took the friction right out the ground
You want to throw all your rocks at me?
Just 'cuz I’m Born this Way
According to basic biology, my skills are better than yours, I’m afraid
That’s why they call me Gappy
I’m on the top, while you’re below
I’m singing Do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti-do
Sailing through life, don’t rock the boat2Embed