Clear Blue Skies Lyrics[Verse 1: Buddy Slim and Breeze Brewin]
“Damn it, son, I think it’s time we had a little man-to-man
Talking, I heard that you was hand-in-hand walking down
The boulevard, middle of the day with this black chick
Tell me the truth, boy, or you can catch this slap quick.”  “Let me get this
Straight.  You’re ranting and raving, behaving like a mad
Dog with rabies because my baby’s not white—that ain’t right
Pops, you got me puzzled because, in the past
With the black folks, you never struggled—at least to my knowledge”
“Your knowledge seems to need a little working
That little nigga bitch got you looking like The Jerk, and I can’t
Take another minute.  You and that black heifer, son
Looking sort of like Tom Willis from the Jefferson Show”
“What you know about my girl to try and slander?
Let me talk a bit and maybe you can understand the situ-
-ation that I got isn’t messing with some hottie ‘cause this
Woman’s taking care of both my mind and my body.”  “Yeah, yeah, yeah, OK
I understand that she’s attractive ‘cause their bodies are just
Built to be sexually active, baby-making
Taking tax money for their welfare or maybe
Up on 42nd with the bodies that they sell there
So what’s her name?  Is it Shanainai or Shaquana?  Son
She’s got to be a goner.”  “Well I’m glad to see my father’s in
My corner.”  “Oh, you think this shit is funny?  I ain’t joking
That’s the last straw, the camel’s back has been broken”
[Hook: Sample]

[Verse 2: Buddy Slim and Breeze Brewin]
“Well, I’ll be damned ‘cause it seems that I’m the last to know
My father’s a bigot, my girl’s black, he can’t dig it, so she
Has to go.” “Now you’re judging me, kid, but do you know me?”
“But it seems to me like even David Duke could be your homie.”  “Now, you know I ain’t
No racist, but they place us in a terrible predicament
They’re taking over the block, and, damn it, son, I’m sick of it”
“But when you see the neighbors you say, ‘Hi, how you doing?’” “Still
I think of how the value of my property’s been ruined.” “You sound like such
An idiot, I pity it, I wonder: should I laugh or should I cry?
More than anything, I want a reason why all of a sudden
The blood in your vein flows with such vigor
Just because you choose to call another person ‘nigga.’” “Well, they’re
Just some thugs stealing, slum-dwelling, drug-dealing, gun-
-selling, and a-hundred-yard-dashing after doing purse-snatching
Damn savages who ravages the buckets of
Kentucky Fried Chicken with the first dibs on the ribs
Looking like a damn monkey on the football fields
And basketball courts, taking over sports, leaving
Us just the golf and the tennis, and they menacing
Society, the bums, they should go the fuck to where they came from.” “So that’s
Your vision of perfection, that’s your clear-blue skies
Through those clear-blue eyes which seem to make you think you’re better
But instead of simply sinking to the level of your thinking, I’ll be ghost”
“Pack your bags, nigga-lover, and good riddance”
You might also like[Hook: Sample]4Embed