TranslationsPolskiCry for Me Lyrics[Intro]
Oh, hey

[Verse 1]
Yeah
Well, you look so happy walking down the street
Don't you, babe? (Don't you, babe? Huh?)
Did you forget
You said that, in this lifetime, you could never get over me?
Are you over me? (Uh)
[Pre-Chorus]
When I said I hope you're happy, didn't mean it
Never thought you'd be so good at moving on (On)
When I'm lying wide awake, you're probably sleeping (Ha)
And maybe what I'm thinking is wrong

[Chorus]
I want you to cry for me, cry for me
Say you'd d-d-die for me, die for me
And if you can't, then baby, lie for me, lie for me (Huh)
'Cause you haunt me when I'm dreamin'
And it's time you know the feeling
So cry for me

[Verse 2]
See that pretty life in pictures (Ha)
See her lips erasing me (Mm)
You're so good to her, it's vicious
Yeah, she should be thanking me
Who, who's gonna touch you like me?
Yeah, tell me who
Who can make you forget about me? (Oh)

[Pre-Chorus]
When I said I hope you're happy, didn't mean it (Didn't mean it, yeah)
Never thought you'd be so good at moving on (On, on)
When I'm lying wide awake, you're probably sleeping (Sleeping)
And maybe what I'm thinking is wrong
You might also like[Chorus]
I want you to cry for me, cry for me
Say you'd d-d-die for me, die for me
And if you can't, then baby, lie for me, lie for me (Lie)
'Cause you haunt me when I'm dreamin'
And it's time you know the feeling
So, baby, won't you cry for me, cry for me? (Cry for me)
Say you'd d-d-die for me, die for me (Oh, won't you cry?)
And if you can't, then baby, lie for me, lie for me (Ooh)
'Cause you haunt me when I'm dreamin'
And it's time you know the feeling
So cry for me

[Bridge]
Why won't you cry?
Tears in my eyes, yeah
And you're okay, you're okay
How can you be okay?
No, why won't you cry?

[Chorus]
I want you to cry for me, cry for me (Oh, yeah)
Say you'd d-d-die for me, die for me
And if you can't, then baby, lie for me, lie for me
'Cause you haunt me when I'm dreamin' (Haunt me when I'm dreamin')
And it's time you know the feeling (And it's time you know the feeling, baby, cry)
So, baby, won't you cry for me, cry for me? (Cry out, yeah)
Say you'd d-d-die for me, die for me (Cry out, yeah, cry out, yeah)
And if you can't, then baby, lie for me, lie for me (Hey)
'Cause you haunt me when I'm dreamin'
And it's time you know the feeling (Oh, baby)
So cry for me
[Outro]
Cry for me40Embed