Oxxxymiron vs. Dizaster Lyrics[Round 1: Dizaster]
Всем привет
1, 2, 3, 4, 5… God fuckin' damn!
You got a humongous fam'
That ain't no support group, that's the fuckin' clan
Most Americans puzzled
How we're making a fuss over a single Russian man
But me on the other hand
I'm someone who studied culture, so I understand
Why he has a ton of fans
'Cause if you see how Soviet Union used to be structured
And how they broke it up into a dozen lands
You will know it's only right someone from Russia would come with a bunch of Stans
God fuckin' damn! There's so many of y'all I can't count
At first I was surprised 'cause y'all were so synchronized when you came out
Then I realized the obvious, y'all Communists
So you're probably all living in the same house
But it's false confidence
Everybody in this country knew I was gonna beat him
Even his own parents did when he went to see them
They gave him one last goodbye
They hugged him tight and they squeezed him
Then his dad looked over at his mum and said:
"You know, this is probably last time we're going to see him."
His fans gassed him up
And put a battery in his back and started gassing up his engine
Tryin' to play me like I'm the innocent victim
They said that Russians are sophisticated with all their intricate systems
That if I try, I would fail miserably against them
Are you fucking kidding me?!
Look at me, do I look like Hillary Clinton?
Listen, bro, I got the spirit of Lincoln
The spirit of John F. Kennedy before they killed him
But don't get the shit twisted
I'm still a bigger dick than Richard Nixon
Swinging my dick while I'm bumping Hulk Hogan's intro music as I'm walking into the Kremlin
But I ain't try to use this to start the World War II again
We're way too advanced from that
We can use battle rap to diplomatically speak to these hooligans
'Cause I'm actually cool with them
Yo, this is gonna be like Holy Communion for the Soviet Union
No, nah we're not gonna feud, we're cool
I'm just tryin' to do this interview with him
I heard Russia has 7000 nukes… what you plan to do with them?
Don't get me wrong, I'm tryin' to be Putin's friend
'Cause I know if I ever had a chance to run for president, he gets to choose who wins
But if you think I'ma stand up here and sell out my country for you
You must be stupid then
USA's still number one, we're singing the same old tune
Even though we ain't got proper leadership, the people are strong together so the show must resume
So I'm saying this right now, while the Canadians and the Russians are both in the room:
Y'all hear that? No, no, listen… You hear that? *silence*
That's the sound of our country waiting for your country to get to the Moon
In the next ten years, we'll start colonies on Mars prob'ly
And y'all fail time after time, and I know the job's costly
But maybe you're in the wrong hobby
Constantly tryin' to re-emulate the space program and greatness that you cannot copy
So excuse me if I'm a little skeptical when a Russian says he gonna take off on me
Whether offense or recon
Same in battles, just space travels
We've always been the stars that you lean on
We've evolved, our technologies beyond
Y'all people buy E-ons
That's why every time you're in a space shuttle
And something seems to be wrong
You have to pick up the phone and {boop boop boop}
"I have to call up Elon."
I'm a walking phenom, I told this Bosnian/Slavic peon:
We can rock with beats on or go acapella
Since nobody here wants to hear your weak songs
See, in Russia, the hip-hop scene's strong
But that's 'cause your fanbase consists of underage pussies rockin' their fists to the house music, rockin' their mama's jeans on
That's why Oxxxymiron's
Concerts look like little awkward teen proms
Listen, this ain't no block for us to beef on
I'm tryin' to find the clean enough concrete street for me to stomp his teeth on
You can't box with me, Oxxxy, dream on
I don't know what type of hard narcotics you'd be on
But I'm not one for Oxxxy to sleep on
Bars like synthetic heroin soon as the bottle's poppin'
Even Brittany Murphy couldn't comprehend the situation that Oxxxy caught in (Oxycontin)
Yeah, that's Oxycodone
I hit him with the ox and take off with Oxxxy's coat on
Get knocked from the Octogon or the boxing ring
Face me, get washed in cream
So that also mean I'm hittin' Oxiclean/Oxxxy clean
ИСТОРИЧЕСКАЯ ХУЙНЯ! ПОШУМИМ, БЛЯДЬ!
[Round 1: Oxxxymiron]
Вот скажи мне, американец, в чём сила?
You’re about to see a Russian air strike on Syrian ranks
They inferior to amphibious Siberian tanks
You're nothing but a civilian with silly old blanks
Who's really up his own ass like Azealia Banks
Did I pronounce that right, or is my accent too thick?
I got a license to kill this Arab-American pig
You fucking arrogant prick, think you better than this?
But you never got big
That is why you battling, bitch
You've been rapping all your life and you got no shows, Diz
And if that is not a punchline, I don't know what is
You know what rhymes with "Dizaster"?
Umm, I don't know, "putting 'featuring Eminem' on your Twitter name to get chicks faster"?
How fucking corny was that?
You must be horny as hell
How the fuck can you not get laid if you got photos with Drake?
And how the fuck are you still broke
When you're cosigned by the biggest?
You must've done too many drugs
And couldn't handle your business
Man, I also used to do lines after having my Guinness
But I walked away from Vice like I'm Gavin McInnes
All you learned in life, is how to fight and rhyme insults
But you praise yourself online like you're some high divine princess
"I'm inspiring the young!"
What are you, Lady Diana? Quit this!
All you do is battle guys for half the price of my slippers
But you know what? Fuck my album sales!
And fuck my accolades!
And fuck every single fake fan for his lack of faith!
I do bring in the numbers, you can't relate
But that's irrelevant, I'll bury you in L.A. today, Habibi
You know, listen, listen, yo yo! It's gonna get serious
It's gonna get serious and I apologize in advance, I don't, look
You're an American Muslim Arab, right?
Let me ask you something that's simple but so lethal:
How does it feel to hold up a flag that's covered in the blood of your own people?
Two millions Muslims or Arabs killed by the US in 15 years
Shit, who cares? You still rep the flag like Britney Spears
Everyone here's seen the trailer, put your pen aside
For views' sake, you shit on your parents genocide
You parasite, apple pie eating pancake type, yankee dyke
Who measures dick's height in Fahrenheit!
Bare in mind, you're traitor to your Arab kind
I'll digest this faggot's hype like a phagocyte
Check it on Wikipedia, bro!
This guy had a battle in Berlin against the guy called Tierstar
Who is both African and Russian
So he did the same old racial shit instead of an intelligent discussion
"Your African side says, 'I miss Big Poppa'
Your Russian side says 'Bring this vodka!'"
You might also like[Dizaster]:
Ha-ha-ha, that was good

[Oxxxymiron]:
Bro, shut the fuck up!
Your American side is battling me now in L.A
At the same time as GI's blow your cousins away
While your Arabic side is turning your brothers to hate
Raised on pics of Abu Ghraib in the Guantanamo Bay
And I'm not paid by fucking Russia Today, Mr. Vladimir and FSB for sounding this way
I don't like the Russian goverment, that's powerplay
But it was coward USA that taught them how to behave
And bully States into appeasement
So fuck your home, Dizaster! Fuck its role as the world policeman!
'Cause all cops are bastards
Fuck your moral high ground of moron thugs!
Fuck your war on terror and fuck your war on drugs!
Fuck McDonald’s and Disney! Fuck American literature!
Ben & Jerry, Tom and Jerry, Ford and Henry Kissinger!
Fuck the Federal Reserve, 'cause they bury the poorest!
And for Christ's sake, fuck all the loud American tourists!
And I know what he's thinking:
"Aah, that's not me, I'm not close-minded
I've travelled the world, I'm different, I am so enlightened."
Well, you're still fucking American, right?
So you may not care, but you still carry the stereotype
You're like a good cop: you're still a cop, that's drama enough
What do we care who bombs us: Clinton, Bush, Obama or Trump?
You know you try to standartize the world to see it normalized
Why? Why don't you stick inside, stay inside your turf and keep your globalized reich?
You wanna see my country burn? Wanna see it Balkanized? Fine
The only shit you'll see in return is more organized crime
So, if you thought that we were chumps, you were high on mushrooms
If you thought that I'm a chump, you should try Ayahuasca
I got brothers in this club, that would love to rush ya
I'ma turn Mount Rushmore into MOTHER RUSSIA!
And before I finish my round, look, I'm kinda puzzled
'Cause your dad wears the hijab but your mother doesn't
Your son wears a muzzle, your brother likes Assad
Your lover's called Hassan and your father is your cousin
Time!
[Round 2: Dizaster]
God fucking damn! What is this?
This guy just gave me the political business
You're a fucking superstar from Russia
I thought you came here to fuck some bitches
What a fucking bunch of fucking moronic militants!
"The blood of your own flag!!!"
I was born in America, you idiot!
Hold on, if this seems like I'm about to go long
Don't you, fucking bitch!
I only ask for unlimited, not so I could rap forever
So y'all can slowly hear this stuff I spit
So today, I'ma take my time with what I say:
I ain't rushin' through my shit!
If you plan to take over, you gotta be way more organized
You thought this is the Ukraine border
You tried to charge straight forward
You're tryin' to get one of your hackers to get in the mainframe station and override
But bitch, this is California, and this state is fortified
You gon' make me take this fucking frail Russian mail-order bride
And bust his face open wide
I pull the shank out and fish fillet both his eyes
So there's a big enough space between them both to let the blade go inside
I will cave in your skull from the side
I will fucking… I will fucking…
Break your nose bone like Kano causing your whole face to divide
Yeah, blame the outside
I will sent you to visit the angels so when you come back you'll be like Goku rockin' a stupid-ass looking halo when he died
Look, aside from the battle rap, you're a real artist
And as a rapper, I could respect that
'Cause just like every other industry rapper
You only doin' what you're best at
Soon as you get depressed, you go and get yourself a neck tat
It says 1703? And those numbers mean something
See, most people might quite not understand it
But I studied the Gregorian calendar, so I know why he has it
It's ancient mathematics
The numbers spell out a phrase, combined and subtracted
It says… "I am a faggot!"
Aight, since people love the Russian accent
I should try to talk like you, then
Look, I know you think this battle good look for you… Нет
Not where you've been
Maybe 'cause foreigner you think in your little head this the reason you should win
But, to tell you truth, this is not good position to be put in
I said yo, lighten up, we're joking, why you're acting so hard for?
Y'all don't want war
You keep all your pretty hydrogen bombs stored somewhere offshore
'Cause the only thing we know y'all for is vodka bottle and blond whore
You come from a world where foreign exchange students sucking dicks in an American college dorm is considered an art form
Russian bitches were born to suck dick
You can see the features in their jaw bone
This is an onslaught, someone grab the popcorn
Why did y'all expect him to be hardcore
When Russians are all known for soft porn?
Dawg, your body is built like a lesbian wussy
I'm a fucking veteran, they fed me a rookie
And even though we speak two different tongues
He knows not to do anything extra to push me
'Cause one thing we all understand universally is body language
And yours says you a pussy
Listen, I'm really out here rappin for y'all
This all you have for me? Nah!
I'm a Rap God, been out here for 17 years strong
And still haven't managed to fall
Plus, we seen what happened to Chernobyl
You people don't know how to handle disasters at all
But enough about Russian America, let's bring Oxxxy in
How they brought him into Oxford and they offered him a job
But he ain't want it, 'cause Ox was chillin'
On amoxicillin, imagine how Ox was feelin'
Knowing I was about to body him
Stock pile of Klonopin and antioxidants
But wait, Drago, this is the part where Rocky wins
Bars on top of bars at the Roxy, I'm boxing that Oxxxy in
Yeah, if there's squad with him
And they pullin' out the choppers then
Wo-hoo hoppin' out of the car, I'm sendin' a hundred shots at them
I don't give a fuck who it's aimed at, I'm killin' all of 'em
Bitch, this is payback for what y'all did to Denzel Washington!

[Round 2: Oxxxymiron]
Yo! I said yo!
He said something about Oxford as if it's a bad thing
Yeah, I went to Oxford, I wasn’t privileged though
My academics were a daily struggle: Average Joe
And then, you said something else about something else
I forgot what the fuck you said, so just shut your face
Best flip ever

Look, I may not be from around here, but there's one thing I know
No one can build a rap career just out of multis and flow
You need the X Factor: DMX and Xzibit agree
That's why your name doesn't have an "X"
And mine's got three
Call me Professor Triple X I don't make up tecs and gun bars
You vexed like a bitch off break up sex
Cause you can rap, be a jester, flex your arms and pecs
But you just lack that something extra think Lux on Flex
I’m X-rated, next to you getting your place raided
Off extended clips you just getting your face caved in
The ex royal will show you the damage, you're in a basement
I'm a Russian Jew, this what happens when we get a late payment!
Oh oh you tough? You bust guns? I don't like to touch one
I don't need to work out, body type; Lush One
Oxycontin crushed up, I go Boris Marshak
You know Boris Marshak? Better not, he's fucked up
Look, forget World War Z, this is Cold War X
You're not leaving Oxxxy dead just cause you slaughtered Rex
I'm different, I grew up on cold cabbage and carrots
No Lenny Kravitz. We have Yeltsin and Lenin as parents
Oh, wait, wait... Oh, you mad cause I'm Joseph Stalin on you?
Because of me, you are bigger in Russia than here
You want to get political asylum, don't you?
Cause in the US, he's a political dissident, the pariah of sorts
He bravely rejects the oppressive totalitarian system of bars over jokes
Yeah, bro, listen
The defamation you’re facing at the hands of the American battle community is a travesty/
If they’re keep being bought by your terrible jokes
And the oppressive repetitive flows, we gon' march in solidarity
Listen, listen, actually a serious note
I saw your interview with Battle Rap Chris
For 20 minutes you complain like an arrogant bitch
Saying SMACK rappers are shit, they're just ignorant kids
And you a god, I bet you blow your own reflection a kiss
You fucking weirdo and go "Baby, you're handsome"
He not blowing up, you're blowing yourself, you're Marilyn Manson
I don't know that, you had one hundred battles bro
And his battle vs Dumbfoundead - kind of random
The rings around his eyes, the dress...He was the Kung Fu Panda
Bro, you're a clown, for the Benjamins, those fake papers
Russians have been peasants for centuries
That's why we have the most haymakers
Look, and you have gay Quakers safe spaces and slave traders
We don't understand political correctness, right?
The shit you say in battle rap, we say in actual life
But at the same time, we don't like the exclusion of faces
We may not be polite, but it's you who have the institutional racism!
So shut the fuck up, Wallah Bachir
You're not the Mujahideen you look like the Türkmenbaşy
If he smoked Turkish hashish and some cushin Algire with a грузчик таджик
Тьфу, сука, шашлык!
Look here, Bachir, you are a rookie, Bachir
I'd sign you to Booking Machine, but all you ever learned in Lebanon was cooking a sheep
Smoking hookah with shit and abusing the word bismillah
Now you have a movie out, it's called the Goat Whisperer
Or, Mr. Hezbollah, don't be so pissed at moi
Why you always ht-ht cough up your shit, Allah?
Weißt du, wer ich bin du Spast?
Ich fick' dich auch in dieser Stadt
Tierstar hat dich schon gezwungen كس اختك”
Oh shit, that was German with an Arabic bar
I think someone has just crossed the wires in my memory card
This is your cemetery dog, this your North Korea
I'ma dance on your corpse like Rudolf Nureyev
Look at yourself with your shisha bar and your shish kabob
You are Chi Chi man from the chicken shop
Go to kitchen now, get me mixed pilaf with some chicken tops and some chili sauce
And if I don't get my shakshuka, kol khara, telhas tizi, sharmutta
If you think I'm anti-Muslim or anti-Arabic, bin that
Cause I know more about your culture, than Ali Baba and Sindbad
I read about Hodja Nasreddin and Saladin
I heard the Mu'adhin, I know about the Hashisheen
About Ibn Sina and Islam in Iran
I read poetry by Ferdowsi and Omar Hayam
But all you ever talk is terrorism and catching a body
So the Muslim that you portray is the Wahhabi Jihadi
We know you joke, but you're promoting the Taliban
Who'd love to turn LA into Inshallah la land
Bro, just accept yourself cause I accept you, brother
Sike lied cause if you don't respect your own culture, why should I?!
Look, I am the original Bond villain
The Godzilla, the Soviet equivalent of a new Leonard Cohen or Bob Dylan
You're not giving me the cold shivers
You're not armed like the God Shiva
You fishy and oily, you cod liver
The nod giver
Fuck how to pronounce shit cause he lived all over the globe
Motherfucker from Cold Winter
My umbillical chord was cut by known killer who raised me inside a bunker
With Auric from Goldfinger, so go figure
If I battle for free in a culture where every other MC is a gold digger
Cause I kill for pleasure, and he's charging a fee
Dear Death Note, who of us two should be called Kira?
And before I finish my round, homie, care to listen
How the hell is pork haram but your fat face isn’t?
So go on, do your parody, I'll go my way like Usher
I'm the baba in Arabic, you're the Баба in Russian!

[Round 3: DIzaster]
Yo, see, people always shocked how I get all these good looks
And when the windows of opportunity come why I'm always getting everything?
Cause it's not just that, it's me genuinely loving my fans
And connecting with them, it's called that connection thing
And to show that I'm not full of shit, pull out your phones
323-831-3631, you can text me anything
Now that's for y'all, that's for all of my fans
Now, let's get back to striking him
Leukemia patient with a lack of vitamins
Looking like one of them Irish men
Yeah, why he wanna battle with me? This is like suicide for him
I should've called Linkin Park and invited them
Just so they can sit here and watch Chester die again
Yeah, Rest In Peace, Chester, Rest In Peace, Rest In Peace
Yeah, y'all really got obsessed about that shit, aight. Too soon, I get it
Who in here though seen Fata Morgana, raise your hand up
Yeah, y'all seen that fucking music video he did
Where they were graphing his skin, slashing him
Digging in his organs and opening up his abdomen
Y'all seen the fucking music video, horrible he was rappin' in?
Well, that shit gave me nightmares
But not from all the bloody scenes that were happening
I got nightmares cause I realized I was gonna have to hear him rap again
Do you know how Russian battlers sound to me when they're battling?
*spits some fake slurred Russian*
Y'all sound like DNA and Charlie Clips in their 3rd rounds when they run out of English words and randomly start rambling
So just, know deep in your heart, when DNA says
"I'm grasping the *some unintelligible sound*"
Oxxxy's in the cut clearly understanding him
You know what rhymes with Russian rapper?
It doesn't matter
Cause it's kind of a weird seeing how good you adapt in this atmosphere
But dawg, good job, you managed to pull off a battle here
You are literally like the first Vladimir to ever have a real rap career
But I'm Dizaster, I don't give a fuck if he's internationally famous
Or what this faggot's name is
I don't trust white people that come from random places
As far as I'm concerned, you're an undercover anglo-saxon racist
You look like a cancer patient with a plastic face lift
In Russia, he's known as "family rapist"
You look like that grand wizard on the final stage in a game
That you have to beat before you can say "you've mastered hatreds"
You're a white dude with a bald head, who told your ass "go shave it"?
Bro, you look like you would literally throw up if you see a black girl naked
All I heard was racist shit from him talk about I'm racist
All this shit about (*imitates Arabic*)
And he talks it in other language
Like that's fucking hard to do
Well, you think I can't? I'ma fuck with you
Cause I rap in the second language too, you fucking nerd bomb
But since that's not impressive to me, I'm going to rap in my third one
Really ready? Look at the camera while you're dying right now
Пиздишь немало - закрой ебало
Я трахал твою маму в ЖОПУ
В библиотеке, ПОКА ПАПА УЧИЛ ФИЗИКУ
Told his bitch: «Пошли ебаться»
Она сказала "Give me 20 dollar"
И потом давала, она орала, СОСАЛА
Я КОНЧИЛ В ОДЕЯЛО
How long can I keep go in Russian?
Your baboushka
I hit her with a bazooka
Pull out the пушка
Boom! Boom! Старуха Катюша
Seen his матушка, her name was Танюха
She was a сука
Дали штуку - шлюха
I make Russian woman suck my залупа
Ну-ка тихо без звука!
I'm the sickest in the world, bitch
No language I can't find you and kill you in
Yeah, 50/50 on the wrist, this is like Pai Gow
I'm a bit of the night owl, so if I knock your lights out
We already know who's paying the bills
Cause bitch, this is my house
Try to have fun a little, smile, this is your big night out
Me and you are friends, but if you trip right now, I'ma punch you in that big sized mouth till your lips turn inside-out
I literally lost my voice, I can't spit a rap
See, when most Russians do stupid shit Americans don't even react
See, I figured out he was Russian before he even rapped
When I met him in his home and he showed me to the back
Where he shot a beaver in it's head in front of me and he wore it as a hat
Your bitch is proud slut with round butt
I put out my hands, she said *sounds of a slap*
"You can look, but you're not allowed to touch"
I told her "woooww, well, I want to now fuck"
You know what she said? - "How much?"
I said, "You tell me", she said "10 thousand bucks."
I said, "10 thousand what? Am I buying a round from Lux?"
*Diz seems to forget the end of the verse*
Ah time man, sorry. I can't- I can't even talk bro

[Round 3: Oxxxymiron]
Yo! I said YOO! Yo yo yo
That was very nice Russian, amazing
Let me spit in Russian now, Ok?
Я на бите как влитой
Ты на бите, но ты toy
Это онлайн баттлово олдово-ламповый
На деле проверенный менталитет, а не твой
Чё, старина, положил глаз на мои трофеи? Господи, на, бери!
Навеки до слез пелена
У тебя что, роговица воспалена?
ХА! Это рэпо-некромант
В тебе говорит эго, не талант
А твоя bitch мега неправа
Это кассета, в ней Sega Mega Drive
Не-а, не только по рэпу, ежели копнуть - я гетто-меломан
[?] drum, 2-step и funk
Ну-ка веди меня, заветная тропа!
Now, I wasn't gonna do this bar, but you said so much nasty shit
Remember Rone? Laughing at the kids killed by Breivik? Seven years ago
How American and brave of him, this's the payback
You want shock value to get famous, сука?
I'll turn up with your show like the Vegas shooter! What
*Collective responsibility. Anyway, let's go*
2 years ago he challenged me to this insane fight
And this genius couldn’t even say my name right
Oxxxymiron, not Oxxxymoron
I get fools destroyed, man of the year, I waited in a queue to school this boy
Look, he was a Trump supporter on Twitter
More than that, he's faithful minion
But as soon as Eminem disses Trump, he change his opinion
His very story, I call this behavior whoring
Listening to Alex Jones at night when you will Sway In The Morning
So what is it? You can't decide, because stable side
It's as if you reside in a swing state of mind
I bet you still loving Trump, so don't be contrite
If he was Kendrick, he'd be like "We gonna be alt-right"
Now he the type to chill with the Nazis to seem white
So if you ever see him dab, he's masking a Sieg Heil!
Yes, my friend, now who is the Nazi and who is the racist? Anyway, let's go
Look, Diz, We've seen your battle Hollow, right?
You accused him of making merch instead of music, that's confusing
You said you found him a booth he could spit it in
And so I tried to find your tunes, you fucking hypocrite!
I mean look, I mentioned this before, but let me re-use it
Here's the real question, my bro
Where's your music?
Bro, you have over a hundred battles and like three tracks?..
One's a diss, one's a feature and one solo - real facts
What?? I'm not even talking the numbers of views
If we start comparing, those, then boy will somebody lose
I could brag about country's rap running the youth
Cause of my tracks, but fuck success, where's the hunger in you?
I know fame is just a mistress that comes and goes
As she pleases, but Jesus
How can you live without getting rid of your feelings?
And yes, Diz in battles, you've clearly been a genius
But how you can ever be with a real complete MC is?
Who said these words? "You need to put some more musical influence in your verse.. ‘Cause we come from that cloth
We were hardcore lyricists at first"... Exactly!
So what happened to the song structure in the rhyme book?
I guess it's only accapella that he delivers the right hook
Yeah, cause on every type of beat, mothafucka you've been weak
I'd rather listen to Lil B doing a feature with Lil Peep
I mean, I don't want to be mean, but what's the matter
How fucking hard can this shit be if you a rapper?
You had some writer's block for ten years
That's a bit fucked up, what's the matter?
What's your excuse?
The feathers too soft and the ink dried up?
So in conclusion, look at me Diz
You can never be my personal GOAT
I'm in the charts and I do battles, that's my personal oath
So any ladies looking for fellas who into personal growth
Don't look for battlers, go get yourself a man that can do both
Now, people hate it when in third rounds, I go deeper
But I never run with the crowds like lighthouse keepers
You think I'm gonna use this platform just for battling?
This ain't even my second language, I spit badly
Compare to Russian, this is nothing
But I stand here to talk about something larger than your rap tier
Cause look: you're an American Arab, right? I'm a Russian Jew
Listen to me, listen to me
This shit is fueling tensions
It doesn't look like the beginning of a beautiful friendship
Cause in Hevron or in Beirut we'd have some cruel intentions
But verbal feuds may have potential to cure this patient slowly dying Arab-Jewish-Russian-US relations
I mean look, look, wait, look!
We're standing here saying some horrible shit
Speaking of which, I'LL FIST YOUR BITCH
And I ain't sorry Bachir, but wait, wait , wait..
What I'm trying to say is battle rap is crazy of lately
You chill with people you are normally expected to hate
Cause of the media, the parents, teachers, preachers you hate
And politicians whose egos inflate
So you face your opponent, tell him that his girl's a dyke
He calls you a dirty kike but his verse is tight
And then you get this weird feeling as your words collide
It's like you're looking in the mirror cause you're both alike
And yes, it's sexist and racist homophobic smut
Childish and basic and distasteful like 2 Girls 1 Cup
But in times of war, look at today: the sport evolves
Cause if you hate someone, you don't trade dirty jokes you kill him
*Like Ahmed the terrorist
Remember Ahmer the terrori..? That's him
I'll kill you look, that's you. That's you
Look bro, look*
I'd rather every Arab told every Jew "your mother"
And vice-versa every day, than let them shoot each other
Cause I've seen this with Ukraine
And it fucks my brain how two nations that were brothers
Have been cocked and slain by the people above
Who still hanging out today
As if nothing happens and only music numbs the pain
And I'm not saying that battle rap is gonna change the world
And I'm sorry for being preachy, instead of raping his girl
Shitting on her
Spitting on her with my partners in crime
But I think battle rap could be more than just punchlines and rhymes. Time19Embed