Walk It Out! Lyrics[Intro]
Hahaha
Rev up those fryers
'Cause I am sure hungry for one-
Help! Help!
My leg!
It's ya boy Roy!

[Verse]
Ayy, pull up in the coupe, let it drop, top go missin' (Ayy)
Ain't worried 'bout a bitch, I'm only worry 'bout them digits
I been getting to the money, you know I'm about my business
I don't care if you don't like me, I ain't really tryna fit in
I'm a big boy, big boss, stand out (Yeah)
Hit the dancefloor, watch me go and walk it out (Ayy)
Shawty say she love me, I know she just want some clout
Midwest but the flow sound like it from the South
God damn, I don't got a plan (Ayy)
Hear 'em talking shit but I don't really give a damn (Nah)
I been goin' up, I swear I'm feelin' like the man (Ooh)
I been goin' up and I don't think I'll ever land
Big bands on me, fuck about a ho (What?)
Always bounce back, you won't ever see me fold (Nah)
I been grindin' for a minute but I kept it on the low
Now I'm 'bout to pop off, I think that I'm 'bout to blow
Oh no, what you even mean? (Huh?)
Hatin' on the boy, god damn, you a fiend (You a fiend)
Fiendin' for attention but you ain't gonna get none
Five star plate and I like my steak well done
Bitch, you know I'm cookin' up, got 'em shooken up
They was lookin' down on me, now they lookin' up
Gettin' to a bag, what you think, I'ma run it up
If I'm on the dancefloor you know I'ma fuck it up
Ayy, had to go and hit 'em with the moves real quick (Ooh)
Brand new kicks and they match with the fit (Ooh)
Oh shit, I'm lit, I think I just made a hit (Yeah)
They ain't really see it coming 'cause I did it so quick
Skater boy, bitch, I feel like Eric Koston (What?)
I'm so fly, feel like I'm up in the cockpit (What?)
Got no time on my grind, I ain't stoppin' (What?)
Bitches on my dick 'cause they know the boy poppin' (Aha)
Whoa, hold up, drop it down, get low
Always- always on the move but you know I tiptoe (Tiptoe)
Always up to something but I keep it on the low
Got too much sauce like I work at Domino's
Y'all cheesy, bitch, I got the keys like Stevie
Pink like watermelon, green like a kiwi
I gotta get it done, feelin' like a Meeseeks
They was hatin' on me, now they wishin' they could be me
[Outro]
It's ya boy Roy!You might also like9Embed