Forever Lyrics[Hook: Momrelle & Camzino]

Baby, I'm not tryna be the one you hate
Baby, I'm not tryna be the one you fight with
Baby, I'm just tryna be the one you love
Baby, I'm tryna make these moments last forever

Baby, I'm just tryna be the one you love
Baby, I'm tryna make these moments last forever

[Verse 1: JAYO]

She ain't ready, lord knows she ain't ready
It's like out of the blue all I'm hearing is
"If you left me, would you do this? Would you do that?
Would you remember my name, Twitter and What's App?"
Where you at in these cold nights?
Where you at in these hard times?
I'm just livin' my life, baby, I won't let this wealth die

I won't let myself slide, unless it's into DM's
And if that girl supplies me, I see that, you won't seem them

And it makes sense, like currency, or currently
All I really wanna do is write bars and have company
Are you loving me? Or leaving me?

That hit and run at illegal speed, Just keep it G with me!

And if I go broke, I got you. You got me?
I ride for you, You ride for me - It's true facts, don't lie to me
But am I the one who lies?
Cos I don't want no dedication, I jus' wanna live life
I don't want no wife, yet
You're so materialised to fabricate anything that I might say or do
Not Gonna Lie, that's so true
You might also likeIf life's a game then make your move
Hard to swallow, make you choose, Then again either way you lose

Cos you got the boy, and I know you want me
I see the look in your eyes, You probably hate me
Cos, you know I'm right, And b, If I'm wrong

Forever hold on, Forever hear me, Forever play this song!

Tinashe flow cos I'm 2 On
South-Side where I'm from
LV for that Lou Vuiton
Probably spelt your name wrong, But who cares? cos I'm on

Jupiter with a martian
Forever gassed like Argon

Ha!


[Hook]



[Bridge: Momrelle & Camzino]
Forever Baby, Together Baby

She just wanna be the one, But I'm not really with that right now
I'm in my zone, I'm my zone, in my zone
And If you know, then you know

Baby, Forever

Baby, I'm just tryna be the one you love
Baby, I'm tryna make these moments last forever


[Verse 2: JAYO]

And if i'm honest, my visions are gettin' clearer
I'm seein' it in the mirror
Not marga, But keep it thinner. I'm here

But you don't listen when I tell you, beware
Cos you like to keep it all inner
I'mma stay realer, and make skrilla

They trey stunt like they bang, They ain't got a trigger
I'm wildin' out on a beat, does that sound familiar?

I'm in love with the lust, gimme that vanilla

Remember, How I said, "Tell me why", before Z

All I want is good food, rubicon and my bed
All I want is some, uh
All I want is some, uh

So just let me love me, leave me be until said
So I live for these moments, That gassed typa moment
That never really cared about that  girl typa moment

You're bait, and you show it, I know it, I know it

Cos, this is how I want my life, and this is why I chose it

[Hook]Embed