2 Tons (Unreleased Tommy Boy LP Version) LyricsNatural Elements - “2 Tons (Unreleased Tommy Boy LP Version)”
[Emcee(s): L-Swift, Mr. Voodoo, and A-Butta]
[Producer(s): Charlemagne]
[Scratches: DJ Eclipse]
[Sample 1 (Melody): John Powell - “Face On” (0:00)]
[Sample 2 (Drums): Boogie Down Productions - “Super Hoe” (0:14)]

[Intro: A-Butta and Mr. Voodoo]
A-Butta: It go… uh, uh, yeah, uh
Mr. Voodoo: Yeah
A-Butta: Yeah.  Uh
Mr. Voodoo: Check it out
A-Butta: Yeah
[Bridge 1: Mr. Voodoo and A-Butta]
[Mr. Voodoo]
Natural Elements the name of this topic
You should pay close attention how we rock it
When we drop the album or single, you should cop it
[A Butta]
Yo, Voo, stash that.  L, hit ‘em with 2 Tons

[Verse 1: L-Swift]
Yo, first and
Foremost, Natural Elements serve a raw dose
You ain’t hear the first time, so I returned with more dope, and I
Just burned some raw smoke.  Voo, L-Swift, and A stand
Like a life-sized statue of Elvis in Graceland.  Yo, fuck
Corrupt jakes.  They rushed the gates, but all they found in my pocket
Was two Dutchies, a razor blade, and some duct tape
So if you’re looking for a cut face and broken jaw
Make you feel like you was locked upstate, so close the door

[Verse 2: Mr. Voodoo]
Like Pope
John Paul, I bless ill figures (Reputedly).  Dons fall
When I caress steel triggers (Ruthlessly), anonymously
Toss shots with an ominous force not known
To emcees, draw guns in twos and threes.  Your whores
Is choosing me, rap wars is losing me, a true emcee
My influence be showing in your fluency
You might also like[Verse 3: A Butta]
True indeed, our flows
Rock properly, hops, go-go copping your spot
Yo, whatever we drop, you know we gotta be hot, blazing
“Raising Hell” like Run-DMC, spraying
Shells ‘til my gun be empty.  I heard you want it, kid
Don’t wait to tell, come and get me.  I say your hymn
For A&R men on drums and SP’s and ASR-10’s
Foe or friend?  You could choose one of the two, but think quick
Before I bruise you in front of your crew.  Oh, that’s your man?
Well, I’m sonning him too—nothing to lose
Fucking with who?  Kick in your grill, blood on my shoes
Lyrics is ill, my clique chill while we’re guzzling brews
Flip it, Swift.  (The fuck you want me to do?)  It’s on you

[Verse 4: L-Swift]
Police
Is hunting for Voo, respond too—yo, it’s an Elements world
Elegant words make my legend unfurl.  Even
Melons get bust.  Hold up, nigga, settle the rush.  Niggas
Jealous of us?  (*Gunshot*) Got my metal to bust.  Yo, tell ‘em
What up.  (Nah, kid, I might touch up the flow).  You freeze like
You was stuck in the snow, ducking the po’

[Verse 5: Mr. Voodoo]
What do you know?
V-double-O bring the apocalypse
We accost your chicks, hold your babies as hostages.  You want
Hydrogens and oxygens?  Here’s a large dose
Born-again thug like Carlos.  Y’all know the stimulus
Inhaling green with dark cumulonimbus, over the Earth’s
Center with Jehovah for turf.  I’m the nefarious
Clap straps and give brothers out-of-body experience, see?
We be NE, we negate the red tape
In the 2 Ton, no one shall escape
(So pick a death date when things get set straight)
[Hook 1 (Overlapped with Hook 2)]
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Most of y’all know exactly what shit is about, word)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Always and forever, Natural Elements, no doubt)

[Hook 2 (Overlapped with Hook 1): Sample with Scratches by DJ Eclipse]
“Bring apocalypse to this game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III”
“…game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III” (x2)
“Bring apocalypse to this game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III”
“…game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III” (x2)

[Bridge: L-Swift, A-Butta, and Mr. Voodoo with Scratches by DJ Eclipse]
L-Swift: I lost my money on the Knicks
A-Butta: I got honeys on my dick
Mr. Voodoo: I got Rummy on the twist
L-Swift: Ayyo, run me on the spin

[Verse 6: A Butta]
My click
Is heavy-handed, something ferocious, bucking toasters
Fuck who the dopest—scope but don’t approach this
You want dope?  I’ll overdose this, propose a toast
Stroking hoes while I’m smoking roaches, guns and roses
Some say my flows come from Moses.  Puff a whole spliff
And let the smoke circulate.  Hoes deepthroat until
They choke or regurgitate.  Y’all jokers don’t flow, y’all
Impersonate me and my clique.  You wanna plead the Fifth?
Open your mouth and eat a (“Damn!”).  Indeed, the beef is thick
Hedonistic, must be a sicko to conceive with this script
My clique flow will make you flee the district

[Verse 7: Mr. Voodoo]
You see
This biscuit?  I love this biscuit.  Charlemagne shoved the discuit
In the sampler for me to construct the sickness, the product
The quick hit, crazy cash, G’s like Stacey Dash
D’s trying to trace the stash, we steady lace the hash
Up in spots large as Macy’s, bash, rip your state.  You’re pennyweight
I treat women like I’m Henry the VIII

[Verse 8: L-Swift]
Yo, I could
Never envy a fake, all I could do is rock on
You could reach me at NaturalElements.com
Log on, yo.  I do this for the illest in prison
I’m seeing both sides of the game like peripheral vision
Shit you think about?  I figure in my quickest decision.  It’s like
I always play the game from a different position
Word to Charlemagne, I’m playing both sides of the fence.  I spoke
In my defense, I stay with low eyes when I’m bent.  Yo, when
I say NE, I mean Northeast too
Bronx County.  Char found me and he brought me through
Support me too, word up.  2 Ton, word up

[Hook 1 (Overlapped with Hook 2)]
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Most of y’all know exactly what shit is about, word)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Always and forever, Natural Elements, no doubt)

[Hook 2 (Overlapped with Hook 1): Sample with Scratches by DJ Eclipse]
“Bring apocalypse to this game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III”
“…game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III” (x2)
“Bring apocalypse to this game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III”
“…game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III” (x2)

[Bridge 2 (Overlapped with Outro): Sample with Scratches by DJ Eclipse]
“Apocalypse…” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III”
“…to this game…” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III” (x5)
“…game…” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III” (x8)
“…game called rap” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “G.O.D. Pt. III”

[Outro (Overlapped with Bridge): A-Butta and L-Swift]
A-Butta: Word, 2 Ton, 2 Ton, baby.  Word up.  NE, baby.  You heard?  Word, you know’m saying?  Most of y’all know exactly what this is about.  Most of y’all know exactly what this is about.  Always and forever, Natural Elements, no doubt.  No doubt.  Word
L-Swift: It’s over now
A-Butta: Word up, it’s over now.  2 Ton, I’m trying to tell y’all.  Eclipse, tell ‘em, dun, just tell ‘em, son.  We try to tell ‘em, word upEmbed