I’m Not Dax, Joyner Or Don Q Lyrics[Intro: Scru Face Jean & Táta Vega]
Through me
Huh
TheHitBrainiac
Through me
Huh, drank some good water right now, know mean?
I ain't even mad for real, know mean? Haha
I'ma say it slow so they can hear it fast
They love me for my energy, lemme tone it down, know mean?
So they can really feel it, though
Hahahaha... look-
[Verse]
It's Scru Face in the place, and I'm 'bout to handle ya
Heard that you a hooper, well, these shots about to damage ya
But this ain't no suicide drill to check your stamina
I'm ill, this suicide for real for any challenger
Now lowkey, it's lookin' like Eminem versus Canibus
Shady's goin' crazy on the janitor from Canada
Dismantle ya, my niggas will hammer ya, ain't no man in ya
Like how you manage to hold the microphone with a manicure?
You true loser, all the YouTubers, they should banish you
You'd still be clickbaitin' Bhad Bhabie if they weren't fans of ya
Told Adam22 he ain't no YouTube nigga
So point at him with .22s and shoot like you too, nigga
You doo-doo, nigga, let's talk about that "Four Horsemen" shit
How you did a verse, heard ours and rerecorded your shit
'Cause you laid your verse first, but it was whack as a bitch
Then on your second attempt, you tried to throw out a diss
"Three niggas and a G.O.A.T.?" Please get off of that shit
It was three niggas spittin' and one nigga rappin' 'bout his dick
And the reason you ain't push it soundin' like a funny story
'Cause you ain't agree with it, but still took the money for it?
Where I'm from, you can get jumped, niggas gettin' bloody for it
With my bees in the trap, you catchin' a [?] for it
That's a drum, bitch, dumb bitch, leave him in the dirt
This basically how this dude sounds on every single verse
Peep: "It's Dax! I was a mo'erfuckin' janitor
And I don't own a shirt 'cause I was a mo'erfuckin' janitor
And you don't even get it, I was a mo'erfuckin' janitor
And did I mention, I was a mo'erfuckin' janitor?"
We get it, but it's pathetic, by this time, you should quit
We chuckle at your fake struggle every time that you spit
Now I ain't sayin' that you lyin' and shit, but you so fake, dude
You have to push that story, there's nothing else we relate to
You don't even stick to your word till people make you
How you shittin' on YouTube? These people made you
You start throwin' strikes at smaller channels like Duane, dude?
I hope the community you've forsaken now breaks you
Most reactors think your verses wack, they're just afraid to
Say truth, 'cause being fake like you just may do
Things for their career, but if they really hear
The shit you really said, you really wouldn't be here
You'd be somewhere in Canada, cocky as fuck
How you the janitor, but I'm the one that's moppin' you up?
Nigga, keep liftin' buckets till you stocky as fuck
You fake ho, ain't no Drano when I'm blocking you up
Got a verse from this nigga, even paid for some things
But he never pushed the audio, the nigga's a lame
I complained like, "Why'd you do that shit?" The nigga was sayin'
He was sorry, paid for a video, "He'll push it the same"
He seemed real, so I trusted him and hopped on a plane
Flew the crew, copped some rooms, all the shit I was payin'
Should've known that this dude was a lame, he pulled up like a dame
Should've pulled things and pulled off with his chains
Huh, but they prob'ly leave my fuckin' neck stained (Hahahaha)
I wish you success on your next thing (Aw man)
No really, I wish you the best, man
So you don't have to keep on scamming for checks, man
Haha, she cheated on you once, I'm like, "Oh well" (Aw man)
She cheated on you twice, you a ho still? (Hahahaha)
But you can't really blame her, let's be so real (Hoo)
She want a man, not a nigga that paint his toenails (Aw man)
We Naija boys always tryna be good (Uh-huh)
Lemme calm down, please, someone, find me a wood
Nigga think he Makaveli like he tryna be hood
Niggas think they Pac till they caught ridin with Suge
R.I.P., little boy, this was just a little love tap
Fuck that, now I punch him where his lungs at
And we should send him right back where he from, Jack
Can't we just deport him and fuckin' get 21 back?
You might also like[Outro]
Hahaha
Can we do that?
C-Can we do that?
C-Can someone look into that?4Embed