1. Daigle Bites - Music LyricsINT. RECORDING BOOTH
Lauren Daigle: Hello hello, everyone. And welcome to the very first episode of 'Daigle Bites.'

["Rescue" by Lauren Daigle starts]

[Chorus: Lauren Daigle]
I will send out an army
To find you in the middle of darkest night
It’s true
I will rescue you
I will never stop marchin'
To reach you in the middle of the hardest fight
It’s true
I will rescue you
["Rescue" by Lauren Daigle stops]

Lauren Daigle: Welcome to the launch episode of the podcast. I am so delighted that you would join me today. I'm making sure that my voice is extra podcast-y just so it sounds perfect for you guys. Hopefully this is good. For those who are visually stimulated like I am, I'm sitting in a box, um, with blue Styrofoam pointy thing staring at me and I have a shirt with shoulder pads and a hat on that looks like I just crawled out of the swamp. I'm so excited to be with you guys today. It's gonna be awesome. I am so delighted to get to do a podcast first of all. Um, a lot of people have asked me to start a podcast. I don't know why everybody was you would have to say but I enjoy it. He-he. Talking at least. So I decided, "Alright, let's come up with a way to do this." So my manager and I got together and she said, "Hey, you know what? It would be really awesome if we could kind of record some of your Q&A's from the VIP sessions at each show. That could be a really cool podcast." And I said, "Ya know what? I like that idea. Less work, more play. I like this idea." So we decided to comprise your questions, turn them into a podcast, so that we can interact. It's gonna be awesome. If you're ready, let's go. The first theme that we're gonna start our podcast with is music. I love music. Music is one of my favorite things in the world. It makes me come alive. It makes every cell in my body just jump and leap with excitement. So we decided, "Let's let music be the first thing we talk about." So we have a couple questions for our very first episode. The first question comes from one of my favorite places in the world: New York City. We had a show at Radio City Music Hall. Let me tell ya. My palms were sweating. But I loved that venue so much that I wanted to design a set out of that venue. It's just stunning. If you've never been there, make sure you go. It is a beautiful, beautiful place. We got to go to the top apartment where the Rockefellers once visited and lived. That was really special treat while we were in Radio City. So while I was there, I also got this question: "How did you end up getting discovered by a record label?" And here is my answer:

INT. RADIO MUSIC CITY HALL
Lauren Daigle: I was in this band, uh, at LSU. It was a covers band and they introduced me to this other band who— They were awesome. They said, "Hey. Can you sing background vocals on our record?" And I said, "Sure." I'd never done anything like that before. Never really been in the studio. Had no experience. Super green. But this record label reached out to them after hearing their record and said, "Hey. Would you like to come up to this indie artist retreat. By the way, we have one more female spot because the girl that we were gonna take up—she, um, backed out at the last minute. So if that girl wants to come up and just pretend like she's a solo artist, that's fine." Okay. Here's some context: At the time I had no idea that this is like a record label you go out to this indie artists retreat to get signed. I had no, no idea. I'm just like, "Oh cool. A free trip to the mountains. I've never seen the snow. I'm from Louisiana. That sounds amazing. Let's do it. Also, we have to sing for some record label. Sounds great. I'll probably learn something I've never known before." That was clearly— That was like— I'm a seven on the enneagram if anybody knows what that is. I'm a full whim kinda girl. And so I just jumped up and went. And it's the morning of the showcase. I'm like, "Well, I'll just sing a cover 'cause I-I have only written songs in my bedroom, like, not for people here." And they, ya know, they s— They were okay with that. So I was like, "Alright, great. I'll sing a cover." Well, sure enough, the morning of the showcase, the lead singer of that band that I'd sang background vocals with that went up there, they-he ended up getting an emergency appendectomy. Now, for context, we're like four hours into the Cascade Mountains outside of Seattle. We're in the middle of nowhere. So he basically cut an emergency appendectomy, which is where they take your appendix out, in like a hut in the middle of the mountains. Not a hut. I'm being dramatic. But it— There was like— It was like a three-room clinic. [Giggles] And he went for it but, while he was getting his appendix taken out, they said, "Hey. Could you sing lead vocal on this one song?" And so I said, "Sure, yeah. That helps both of us. That was great." Um, not that I— Yeah. Anyway— Now that I was like, "Sure. Get your appendix taken off. I'll go and sing your song." That wasn't point but it just so happened that I was— I was in the ar— In that space and time. And I remember closin' my eyes while I was singing and it felt like— It was a feeling I've never really had before. Like everything— You know when you close your eyes, like typically it's kind of black? Or at least when I close my eyes, it's like black with a little bit o' blue. Well, this time I closed my eyes and it was white everywhere. And I felt like it-it— When I finished singing the song it felt like I had— I didn't realize where I was. Like I opened my eyes and I was like, "Oh, that's right. I'm in the middle of this showcase." Like it felt crazy. And, right after that, he came up and they said, "Hey. We'd love for you to come and write in Nashville. What would you do to be signed?" And I was like, "Oh. I'm just gonna move to Nashville. It sounds like a fun time." There's a seven. And then they were like, "Well, if you're that serious, then we'll sign you." So that's kind of how it all worked. But my friend and I are still friends to this day— That Bannon are still friends to this day. They all have babies and they're married now, and I just have a career. So there's that. [Laughs] I'm kidding. [Laughs some more] But we have a lot of fun. They're still good friends.

INT. RECORDING BOOTH
Lauren Daigle: Raleigh, North Carolina boast of some really, really kind people if I must say so myself. I used to go up to Raleigh and Charlotte to visit some family friends of mine. So it has a really special place in my heart. While I was there, I was asked a wonderful question: "How old were you when you wrote your first song and how did you write it?"

INT. OVENS AUDITORIUM, CHARLOTTE, NORTH CAROLINA
Lauren Daigle: Um, when I was 11 years old— That was the first song. And it was probably to stay awake a little longer so that I don't have to go to bed. But honestly I-I remember being in bed and getting out. My parents had tucked me in, the whole thing. And I got out and I started writing on a notebook on the floor, just layin' on the floor. And I was processing all the thoughts that were goin' on in my life at the time. And I just wrote a little song. And I so excited that I wrote a song. I ran outside my room. Went and got my parents. And I was like, "Can I please perform this for you?" And they're like, "What are you still doin' awake? It's been hours." [Giggles] Um, but I went and I-I stood on the fireplace ledge. We had like one of those raised fireplaces. And I sang it and performed the song for them. I don't remember what it sounds like and I don't remember what I wrote. But I just remember that moment. [Giggles]

INT. RECORDING BOOTH
Lauren Daigle: My next question comes from Nashville, Tennessee. And let me tell you somethin' about Nashville. I've lived here for about seven years and I love it. I really do. The people are awesome. The music is awesome. And I think it's growing kinda wild right now. Bachelorette parties. "Hello! How you doin'?" Everybody comes up every five seconds. I look out my window and there they are: dressed in all their bride/groom glory. And, um, I've decided that Nashville might just be one of my favorite places to play as well. While we were in Nashville we had the privilege of playing the prestigious Ryman. And, let me tell ya: the Ryman has incredible history. If you don't know about it, jump on Wikipedia or some sort of source to find out all the details. It's a pretty historical venue and has a lot of rich, rich, um, heritage here. So I was honored to get to play that venue. And we didn't play it once we actually played it twice. And I kinda pinched myself because I remember it was one of the first places that was booked on this tour. And, um, I remember feelin' like, "Are you sure?" It was before the 'Look Up Child' record came out and I felt like there's no way that I'd be able to fill up the Ryman. And, not only did it happe— happen once, it happened twice two nights in a row. Sold out all because of you guys being so kind and so supportive. So thank you thank you thank you for letting me cross off something on my bucket list that I didn't even know existed. Anyway, while I was there, I was asked the question: "What advice could you share to an inspiring singer-songwriter to have confidence in their own work?"

INT. RYMAN AUDITORIUM, NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE
Lauren Daigle: Really enjoy the process. So if you're not feeling confident right now, that's not actually a bad thing because when you do find your confidence, you'll be able to look back and see where you've grown from. And I remember the first time I was on stage. I was so nervous I was— I was shaking. My diaphragm with all wobbly. So my notes were coming out like this. And I was just terrified. Um, but the more I did it, the more I realized I'm actually just leading the first note and then somehow the rest of the room joins in in that experience and then they come in they they add to it. And, if you realize how actually selfless being on stage because you're getting this experience with all the other people, you realize what you're doing is actually just sharing in a gift. And it's the shared experience that's so rich and so deep that, when you bring a present to your best friend, you're sitting there like, "[Gasps] I can't wait for you to open it! I can't wait for you to see what it's like!" And then they open it and you both get that look in each other's eyes. And you're like, "Do you like it? Is a good?" So you're a little intimidated at first but then they look back at you and you're like, "Oh. She likes it. This is awesome." It's kinda how it is being on stage if you can just think of it like, "Okay. I'm about to give the audience like a little present and hopefully they look back at me." They're gonna smile. And you see one person smile. And you let that one person lead the entire night. It doesn't have to be the whole room. It can just be one person. If you can just touch one person, then you've done exactly what you-you've set out to do. Ya know? So my advice would be confidence will come with time. It'll happen. Enjoy the process. Enjoy the nerves. There's times where I wish I had nerves again and then they come in and I'm like, "Why did I ever wish this upon myself. It's the worst." But I've been singin' now 11 years or 12 years since the first time I stepped foot on stage. And, um, I don't— I just gets different. It doesn't necessarily get easier the more you do. It just gets different. So enjoy the process and just think about the present. You're all sharing in this experience of a gift.

INT. RECORDING BOOTH
Lauren Daigle: Back in Raleigh, North Carolina, I was asked: "What season of your life were you in when you wrote 'Look Up Child?' And I responded with…

INT. DUKE ENERGY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS, RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
Lauren Daigle: I was doin' music. Totally exhausted. Touring. Living up to all of the striving and tryin' to run towards expectation instead of just sit. Um, ya know? Be still. That was not happening. And I remember, uh— It was at a place of just extreme burnout. I was so exhausted, feeling like I'm never gonna escape this. I'm never gonna es-escape the pressure. Never gonna escape the expectation, um. And people just want more and more and more and more. And I'm-I'm one person. And I'm just a human. And I remember in that— And it's not— I'm not saying it's you guys. I'm saying the role of what is required to be on stage— It just is so— There's so many things that you have to fulfill. So I remember thinking, "This is what I love. Why is this ruining me? I-I-I love music. Why is it tearing me apart and just wearin' me out?" Well, I went to meet a friend. His name is Bob Goff. Have you ever heard of him? He wrote that book 'Love Does.' Okay. So we sat down and I said, "Bob. How do you— How do you just keep going? I'm like— I'm so tired and I'm 24." I was like, "There's something seriously wrong with this." And I started realizing I was having to become someone that I did not want to be. And, in that, he said, "You need to travel with Mr. Potato Heads." Literally, that was his answer. And I was like, "Okay." He said, "Because you've lost touch with the eight-year-old version of yourself." And it really just— It collided. And he said, "You're taking on all of the weight of the world and all the expectation and all of the pressure through the eyes of an adult who only knows how to live under anxiety. But an eight-year-old child, when they walk into the room, if there's a big businessman sittin' there sayin', "Can you sign this contract?" They're gonna be like, "Sure! What, um, stars can I draw next to it?" And there's this lighthearted, child-like nature that is so free and so beautiful about children. And that is who I naturally am. I'm naturally the girl who's whimsy and full of life and silliness. But I was battling with serious depression and it was the exact opposite of kind of who I was. So, in all of that, I-I decided, "Alright. I've got to bring this into the next record." From this point, forward I remember kind of drawing a line in the sand saying, "I can't become what this role could take." Um. Or really, it was— I was tellin' someone the other day. It's living up to the expectation. What is that going to take from me? Um. And I realized I don't want to be living in a space where things are being taken from me. I want to be living in a space where I'm supplementing the requirement. And, with that, I just said, "Alright. Line in the sand. I'm not gonna be that person. I'm not gonna be the stressed out crazy lady who can't— who's hiding in closets 'cause they can't see another person." That was me. I was like, "I—" And I'm such a social bug. So it was really bizarre. Um. And so, with that, I decided, "Alright. Line in the sand. I'm going to remember who I've always been and take that person into the next phase of life and into the next season of life. And for those who love it, they can grab ahold for those who don't have fun without me." [Laughs]

INT. RECORDING BOOTH
Lauren Daigle: Knoxville has great food. I like the food in Knoxville. I like the people in Knoxville. It has one of my favorite theaters: the Tennessee Theatre. While I was in Knoxville, I was asked: "What inspired you to write "Rescue?"

INT. TENNESSEE THEATRE, KNOXVILLE, TENNESSEE
Lauren Daigle: "Rescue" came from— We-well, one: I was exhausted. There is this day. I was like, "God, why on Earth did I sign up to do a co-write on my one off day from the road?" Like, what was I thinking? I was so tired. So I said, "Could You just drop a song from the sky?" I was like, "Please. I just need one. I can't let people know that I'm tired when I go into the studio. That'll say somethin' right there." So I go in and— I was usin' the bathroom. And all the best songs come when you're usin' the bathroom. I'll just let you know. And so I was like, "I got this picture of a girl who was spinning in a million different directions and, in order to get to the next place in life, she would hold on to vices, whether it's people or drugs or alcohol. Whatever the thing may be." And I-I am seeing this image of this girl and she's looking at the things before her and saying, "I-I know I'm not that person but that is who the world identifies me as. I know I'm not that person now." And, just kind of in this tension of-of "What is the next step for me?" And Jesus walks down this hallway and He turns into a room and He sits next to her and she said, "Oh. I knew someone would see if— see me for who I actually am. I knew someone would come to rescue me." And I think that's what's so beautiful about Him: is He-He comes and He sits next to us in the middle of our brokenness and our weakness and our shame. And He doesn't cast judgment. There's no condemnation. Instead, just Him being with us is what sets us free. It's why He's called the Savior of the world. And so, for me, it was-it was just seeing what happened in that moment with her. Like, this was all just in my brain. I have an imagination like crazy. So I'm picturing all of this, right? Well, um, it all came at once. The chorus just came all at the same time. And it was [to the tune of "Rescue" by Lauren Daigle] Love will send out an army / To find you in the middle of the darkest night / It's true / Love will rescue you. [In normal voice] And I remember bringin' it into the studio. And I was like, "I think I might have a song. I don't know." What's— Who gets to say what a song is anyway. I was in one of those "Ah uh!" And I played it for them. And they were like, "Oh my gosh. Wow. What? Where did this come from?" And one of my producers, Paul, he said, "You know, we should have it as 'I.' 'I will rescue you.' Because love-love can be tarnished on this side of the Earth, on this side of Heaven." Um. And he-he, you know, talked about the person whose mom walked out on them or his dad walked out on them, whose husband left them. Um. "How does love look it- when it's been taken-taken advantage of? It's hard to see love as a rescuing factor. But if someone is singing over you, 'I will come for you.' 'I will rescue you.' Just as Jesus sings over us. Then that would be at a much more potent  lyric." And so we went with that. And then the-the demo vocal that we recorded right then. So we wrote the song right then. And we recorded a demo every time we write a song. That's actually the vocal that is on the radio. I mean, on the, uh, record. We never changed it.

INT. RECORDING BOOTH
Lauren Daigle: Thanks for listening this week. I hope you enjoyed hearing a little bit about how music has impacted my life and how it has brought me to the places that I am in today. Means so much. I love music. Hopefully you gain something from this. See you soon, guys.

[Instrumental version of "Rescue" by Lauren Daigle plays]

Lauren Daigle: Thank you for tuning into this episode of 'Daigle Bites!' Make sure to subscribe, tell your friends, and send me yo' questions to 'podcast@laurendaigle.com.' See you next time.Embed