Don’t Rush Me Lyrics[Intro: Jean Grae]
9th, 9th’s got them beats that you just sing to for no reason.  Sometimes, you got to get to know yourself, you gotta travel a little bit, look at yourself from another perspective, so I try to do that.  Come on

[Verse 1: Jean Grae]
Listen, there’s nothing like knowing yourself, like the way I know
The smoke has kind of broken my health, like the way I know
My flow don’t make appropriate wealth.  I can’t change that
But funny I’m saying that when it’s money I’m aimed at
I don’t give a fuck if you frame that or quote it (Shit)
I meant what I said ‘cause I wrote it—point noted
I know I’m overly sensitive when it comes to, well
Just about everything, and I’m
So hardheaded, I don’t need your help, like
No advice for these records ‘less it’s me and myself, like
I don’t ever wanna breathe if it requires assistance—just
Just shut down my system.  I’m a victim of
Choosing bad love, bad luck Lucy
Every man touched seems to be a doozy, and, plus
I’m attached to this looseleaf, stand on my two feet
So it’s hard enough to even have to physically move me
Go ahead and try
[Hook: Jean Grae]
I know I’m on the right path
To who I’m gonna be at last, so don’t
Rush me, nigga (Just try).  I know I’m wrong and right
At the same time, both—I’m the dark and light
And they say, “Life means everything to live”
At the same time, I got everything to give
Just don’t rush me (Hey, get your hand off me, man)
Don’t rush me (You stupid?  I’ll cut you)

[Verse 2: Jean Grae]
I gotta be more disciplined, I’m listening
More to straight logic, blocking random shit that’s drifting in
Age is a motherfucker (Damn right)
Find myself staring at the little kids, thinking, “I could beat ‘em like a stepmother”
Creeping on a come-up of thirty soon, but looking twenty—ooh!  The food catches up to you now plenty
Attending christenings of my best friend’s children
And then asking, “Who’s next?”  And I’m wishing for
Six more wishes for Christmas or kids on the wish list
Or for time machines to be in existence (Uh huh)
I’m a team player—not (Nope)
The dry wit is similar to Arizona weather—say it, nigga: hot!
Patent-leather soles, tapping at my bowl
If the album’s not platinum, then I’ll have to rack a gold (Shit)
This rapping ain’t for nothing unless I hold plaques
So I can sit up on a boat like Colin, roll that, and you know that
You might also like[Hook: Jean Grae]
I know I’m on the right path
To who I’m gonna be at last, so don’t
Rush me, nigga (Just try).  I know I’m wrong and right
At the same time, both—I’m the dark and light
And they say, “Life means everything to live”
At the same time, I got everything to give
Just don’t rush me (Hey, didn’t I just tell you?)
Don’t rush me (Fall back nigga)

[Verse 3: Jean Grae]
See, this here is the most serious
That I’ve ever been, the most clear-headed
My gear fetish clearly needs an account
So if I need, I’ll smoke ‘em all like Dennis Leary, and I’m out
Beef’s great though.  Thanks for adding more insecurities
Just as I was finding my level of maturity
Just as I was minding my business, tried to murder Jean’s confidence
But, lucky for me, you’re all incompetent
Road block in this, yes.  I see ‘em trying
To put a stop to my obnoxiousness, but
I stay long-winded like saying, “George Papadopoulous”
I know, but I write from this heart with this, so
I’ve got some things to work on, my moodiness
Like masturbation—gets its jerk on
My fascination with the fast pace
The money’s encapsulated in my mind space like, “What a thrill”
Past dated, and I know I’m not in last place
But it’s hard to work through it with this masked face
The masking tape above the window keeps the cold out
And every time I’m laying down, my back breaks because it’s old now
I yell too much, get stressed too quick
But the best thing about it?  I can change that shit
And still remain who I came down to Earth to be
It’s not Jean Grae—that’s just a name, you’ll see
[Hook: Jean Grae]
I know I’m on the right path
To who I’m gonna be at last, so don’t
Rush me, nigga (Just try).  I know I’m wrong and right
At the same time, both—I’m the dark and light
And they say, “Life means everything to live”
At the same time, I got everything to give
Just don’t rush me
Don’t rush me

[Outro: Jean Grae]
Please don’t make me kill you.  I don’t want to.  I don’t need to go to jail right now.  I got things to do.  I can’t be locked up, man.  My momma!  My momma!  No, momma!  No!  No!  Anyway.  Yo, thanks, man.  Thank you, 9th.  And we had a beautiful lunch.  Don’t be afraid to talk in the back!  Thanks, everybody, for coming out tonight.  Justus League!  What up Flames?!?  What up, though!  Flames, you’re dope!  You the man, Flames!  Hahaha!  You the man!  We outEmbed