The Future of Education: Why Hawken Has to Lead LyricsS U M M E R 2 0 1 4 Hawken R E V I E W
by D. Scott Looney
THE FUTURE FOR EDUCATION:
WHY HAWKEN HAS TO LEAD
Hawken Review
In my 28 years in education, I have never been
more excited or so fearful for the future of education
and the future of this world. It is precisely this
polarity of hope and fear that motivated me
to write this feature article, which extends the
entire length of this issue of the Hawken Review.
THE FUTURE FOR WHY HAWKEN
by D. Scott Looney
Education in America is fundamentally broken.
Some of the basic educational practices and
assumptions in the United States are simply
wrong, and, as a result, signs of distress have
been evident throughout our educational system
for decades. The public response to that distress?
To implement more high stakes testing and greater
standardization. Companies like The College Board,
Princeton Review and U.S. News and World Report
magazine have co-opted the selective college
admission process so pervasively that they are
influencing the direction of American public and
private education in ways that directly counter the
findings of studies on teaching and learning.
Thankfully, there has been an awakening among
some schools in the U.S. and abroad, and Hawken
School is at the epicenter of that renewal. One
of the few schools poised to swim against the tide
of our misguided educational practices, Hawken
is among an even smaller few that are positioned
to lead the way.
FOR EDUCATION:
HAS TO LEAD
The path of least resistance and
least trouble is a mental rut already
made. It requires troublesome work to
undertake the alteration of old beliefs.
4 Hawken Review
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
George Santayana, Philosopher & Nobel Laureate
How History Can Distort Our Vision
& Restrict Our Future: A Story
To frame why the history of education is, in fact, our
biggest hurdle, I am reminded of a story that I once
heard Ian Jukes, educational futurist, tell.i
The story is about an important design flaw in the solid
rocket boosters on the space shuttle - the two narrow,
missile-like tanks that flank each side of the shuttle. The
engineers at the ATK Thiokol Propulsion faculty in Utah
would have preferred the solid rocket boosters to be
notably wider. Unfortunately, the only way to transport
the rocket boosters from the factory in Utah to the
launch site in Florida is via railroad track, tracks that have
to pass through several mountain tunnels along the
way. The booster rockets have to be narrow enough
to pass through the mountain tunnels, which are only
slightly wider than the railroad tracks, which are always
exactly 4 feet, 8 ½ inches apart. Railroad tracks in
America are exactly 4 feet, 8 ½ inches apart, because
that is the exact spacing used to build railroads in
England. Why did English railroad designers use the
measurement of 4 feet, 8 ½ inches? That was the
measurement that wagon makers used for their axle
width. If they used any other axle width, wagon wheels
would break on the sides of established wagon wheel
ruts in the roads. Where did those rutted roads come
from? The first long-distance roads in England were
built by the Imperial Roman Empire for use by the
Roman military, and have been used ever since. Why did
the Romans use the axle spacing of 4 feet, 8 ½ inches?
That is the original specification for the Roman war
chariot, because it is roughly the width of two horses’
backsides. So, the specifications for arguably the world’s
most advanced transportation system was dictated and
compromised by the width of a horse’s behind!
I share Ian Jukes’ story because our current education
system has a design flaw that, like the space shuttle
booster rockets, has a long history. The width of a
horse’s behind might define and limit booster rockets
today, but we should not let the future of educational
excellence be defined by our current metaphorical
horse’s behind: standardization.
From Latin Grammar Schools
to the Industrial Revolution
Prior to the advent of Latin Grammar Schools, humans
learned through apprenticeship, just as most mammals
still do today. A tiger teaches her cub to hunt, and a
dolphin her calf to fish. In this natural apprenticeship
model, the master (often the parent) was assigned
apprentices (often their children), and the master
provided individualized tasks, expectations, instructions,
rewards, and punishments.
The master understood that each child was different
and that apprentices had varying levels of readiness for
the tasks they were to be given. The excellent masters
thus found ways to ask the apprentice to do the most
Education is a natural process
spontaneously carried out by the
human individual and is acquired
not by listening to words but by
experiences upon the environment.
5
that each could handle at the pace that each individual
could manage.
It was not until the 14th and 15th centuries that we
began to structure and systematize educational processes.
Latin Grammar Schools taught priests and monks to
transcribe the Holy Bible in Latin script so that each
one, as the word of God, was precisely the same. This
required a systematic, regimented form of instruction.
So at the core of this Latin Grammar School process was
conformity, efficiency, and standardization. Originally
connected to churches and monasteries, these Grammar
Schools eventually evolved into boarding schools and
colleges independent of the Church; but they still
employed many of the same teaching methodologies.
Boarding schools in England like Eton College and
Winchester College were formed in the 15th century to
educate the children of the aristocracy, and the Academy
model of education was born. Today you can see many
remnants of the Academy model in private boarding and
day schools, as well as in the public system. The British
public school system was modeled after the Academy,
and the first American schools, public and private, were
clearly modeled after the British system.
The trend away from the individualization of the
apprenticeship model towards more conformity and
standardization got a huge boost with the convergence
of the Enlightenment and the Industrial Revolution.
The primary intellectual model of the Enlightenment
highlighted deductive reasoning and a study of the
classics. Reason and classical knowledge, therefore,
defined academic ability. This specific intellectual model
of academics was blended with the economic practices
of the Industrial Revolution, which focused on efficiency:
producing more in less time and for less money.
Coinciding with this trend toward efficiency were efforts
to bring “compulsory education, paid for by taxation
and free at the point of delivery” ii to the masses. In
America, the movement toward compulsory public
education occurred at a time when hundreds of
thousands of immigrants arrived on our shores. So the
public system of education created in the late 19th
century was modeled after a narrow Enlightenment
model of intelligence delivered with the efficiency
of industrial production.
Many remnants of this industrial model are still used
today, even at Hawken: cohorting kids by grade levels;
segmenting our complex, interdisciplinary world into
discrete academic departments of math, science,
English, etc.; and, most problematically, practicing
quality control by applying a standard measurement
at the end of the assembly process (i.e., standardized
testing).
The Rise of Progressive Education
Nature does not develop the child’s faculties according
to a general plan; and when men attempt to educate
children en masse, and irrespective of the discrimination
which nature has made in each individual of the group,
their efforts must necessarily be futile. In this thought may
be found an explanation of mediocrity.
James A. Hawken
The progressive educators of the early 20th century, like
John Dewey, Maria Montessori, and James A. Hawken,
rejected the industrial model of education. Although
the ideals of the progressive educators were radical in
their day, they seem like common sense when viewed
with a 21st century lens. Among the most common
progressive educational ideals are these:
• Every child can learn and has greatness within
(“That the better self shall prevail”)
• Every child learns differently (Therefore, teachers
must be able to teach in multiple styles)
• A school should grow the whole child (intellect &
character)
• Learning should be active (learning by doing)
• Teachers should know each child’s unique interests
• Intrinsic motivation (sense of accomplishment,
community, curiosity, etc.) is more effective and
lasting than extrinsic motivation (grades, scores,
awards, etc.)
6 Hawken Review
WHAT’S WRONG WITH
EDUCATION TODAY?
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequal men.
Thomas Jefferson, Founding Father & 3rd President of the United States
Standardization vs. Individualization
The multiple choice exam did not exist until Frederick J.
Kelly, a graduate student at Kansas State Teachers
College, invented the Kansas Silent Reading exam in
1914. Mr. Kelly invented this exam to measure “lower
order thinking skills among the lower orders.”iii He
believed that multiple choice exams were useful for
targeting the lowest cognitive functions, largely for
vocational placement.
By 1926, the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) had chosen
multiple choice as its test format, and shortly thereafter
it became the primary admission exam for selective
colleges. Think about it: Our finest colleges universally
adopted a mandatory test that measures lower order
thinking skills as one of their primary entrance
standards. Equally disturbing was what followed for
K-12 education: a series of educational reforms in the
direction of standardization – reforms that placed
multiple choice exams and other standardized
assessments at their center. It seems, then, that
educators were focused on a form of testing that
was designed to measure only lower order thinking.
This emphasis unfortunately defined the course of
modern education in the 20th century. What followed
was the recalibration of K-12 education in the direction
of teaching to tests of lower order thinking and a
movement away from the “whole child” and higher
order thinking orientation. “Memorize and regurgitate
on command” became a common call-and-response
between teachers and students. The complexity of the
world and the inherent stimulation of curiosity that
complexity engendered were stripped away from the
educational model – replaced by a model of compartmentalized
standardization where the speed of
acquisition of content knowledge, rather than the
depth of understanding, was the standard for success.
When Frederick Kelly, a disciple of John Dewey, saw
what had become of his multiple choice exam, he was
appalled, and he spent the remainder of his life fighting
against its use, to no avail.iv
Most of us understand the need for a firm grasp of lower
order thinking skills, particularly at the elementary level.
Some things have to be memorized because they serve
as building blocks for higher order thinking – like
multiplication tables, for example. But by the time
students are between 11 and 14 years old, they begin
to develop the mental capacity for abstract reasoning
– the ability to manage higher order thinking skills like
synthesis, analysis, systems thinking, and deductive and
divergent reasoning. Our schools fail us miserably when
these higher order thinking skills are not appropriately
stimulated and nurtured.
Interestingly, even the College Board is starting to
acknowledge this problem, as evidenced by the
following quotation from the article “Rethinking
Advanced Placement” by Christopher Drew, in The
New York Times, January 7, 2011:
Next month, the board, the nonprofit organization that
owns the A.P. exams as well as the SAT, will release a
wholesale revamping of A.P. biology as well as United
States history – with 387,000 test takers the most popular
A.P. subject. A preview of the changes shows that the board
will slash the amount of material students need to know
for the tests and provide, for the first time, a curriculum
framework for what courses should look like. The goal is
to clear students’ minds to focus on bigger concepts and
stimulate more analytic thinking. In biology, a host of
more creative, hands-on experiments are intended to help
students think more like scientists.
7
Undervaluing Non-Cognitive Skills, Also Known
As Character Traits
James A. Hawken said about Hawken School, “The main
purpose for which the school exists is the development
of character.” For much of Hawken’s history, students
did not receive traditional report cards, but rather a
“Character Card” on which Mr. Hawken and the teachers
articulated how a student was progressing in acquiring
character traits like resilience, generosity, courage,
creativity, cooperation, and leadership. Mr. Hawken
and the other progressive educators of the early 20th
century knew that an excellent education had to address
the whole child, not simply focus on the traditional
academic skills, because only the combination of
academic skills and strong character traits would prepare
students for college and the real world. The progressive
educators, most typified by John Dewey, were largely
on target about education; but thanks to the
standardization movement migrating to selective
college admission practices, there was simply less
room in preparatory schools for the development
of character, because the pressure to “conform” to the
standardization movement was so great.
A large body of research on success and happiness
consistently shows that “non-cognitive” skills like
cooperation, resilience, creativity, persistence, empathy,
sense of humor, and leadership are far better determiners
of lifelong success than academic skills. The research
validates Mr. Hawken’s assertion that character
development should be the highest purpose of a
school. However, the push for greater alignment with
a standardized, content-driven curriculum left less room
for school activities not directly related to the acquisition
of content knowledge. Spending time in school
developing leadership, empathy, cooperation, and
creativity often comes in direct conflict with content
mastery. Although the best and most creative teachers
can find activities that support both cognitive and
non-cognitive skills, many schools still devote far too
little time and energy during the academic day to the
development of non-cognitive skills.
Teacher Designed History Question
Write a conversation on the topic of liberty
between ONE of the following pairs of characters.
Choose any format and clearly identify two
contrasting points of view about the theme
of liberty and at least ONE specific event or
situation appropriate to the time period. Consider
characteristics (including race, class, sex,
occupation, geographical location, age, etc.)
that would help you identify your characters.
Please feel free to use specific historical figures.
• Massachusetts Bay Colony resident and Virginia
colony resident in the 17th century
• Patriot and Loyalist in 1776
• Federalist and Anti-Federalist in 1788-1789
• Abraham Lincoln and a secessionist or
Confederate between 1860 and 1865
• Industrialist and reformer in late 19th or early
20th centuries
Normed AP History Question
The Hartford Convention was a manifestation of:
(A) New England Federalist opposition
to the War of 1812
(B) New England’s desire to end US trade
with Great Britain
(C) Northern gratitude to General Jackson
for his victory at New Orleans
(D) the War Hawks’ impatience with President
Madison’s conduct of foreign policy
(E) Western resentment against British-backed
American Indian attacks
Constitutional amendments enacted during the
Progressive Era concerned all of the following
EXCEPT:
(A) Imposition of an income tax
(B) Imposition of poll taxes
(C) Extension of suffrage to women
(D) Prohibition of the sale of alcoholic beverages
(E) Procedures for electing United States senators
Which question leads to greater depth of understanding?
8 Hawken Review
Measuring and Rewarding the Wrong Things
Not everything that can be counted counts; and not
everything that counts can be counted.
William Bruce Cameron
(Often attributed to Albert Einstein.)
Students
The most obvious example of measuring and
rewarding the wrong things in schools is the overuse
of standardized tests, which measure lower order
thinking. But that is clearly not the only area where our
measurement and rewards systems are misaligned with
the research on teaching and learning for students.
Why is it that students will work for hours and hours
to master their roles in a play, to prepare for the weekend
debates, or to hone their athletic skills for their
next game without the use of grades or awards as the
primary motivator? Everyone who has worked with
students knows the answer: because their motivation
is intrinsic. Schools like Hawken do an amazing job
of giving students many co-curricular opportunities,
which enable them to invest their authentic selves in
the direction of their passions. So why can’t we also do
this within the academic program? I believe we fail to
achieve the same level of internally motivated passion
in the academic program largely because of two things:
too much emphasis on content knowledge; and the
overuse of extrinsic rewards, namely letter grades and
awards.
At the end of every school year, Hawken’s Upper School
holds an awards ceremony, during which students are
recognized for excellence in the traditional academic
subjects: English, science, math, etc. Although I am
always happy and proud to celebrate students’ hard
work, I also have sadness for the many students in the
audience who are not mentioned during this long
ceremony of public recognition. My love-hate
relationship with the Awards Day Ceremony tradition
presents an annual challenge as I formulate my closing
remarks each year. My message to the students at the
2013 Awards Day ceremony highlights the concerns I
have for our overemphasis on both grades and awards
(facing page).
9
Hawken Awards Day Message by D. Scott Looney
Delivered on May 31, 2013 For the last few hours, we have had the opportunity
to applaud excellence. It gives me, and all the adults in
this room who have dedicated themselves to your success,
great pride to see all that the students honored today have
accomplished.
However, to end this celebration, I would like to make two points
to encourage a little perspective. Let me comment on motivation
and on character.
It is encouraging and energizing to receive public validation
from others in the form of awards or even grades. Your life will
be full of moments when you receive extrinsic, or external, rewards
for your work.
However, there is a caution I want to share. These types of external,
extrinsic rewards are addictive. They are like candy; they taste
really good, and, in small doses, are fine.
However, addiction to these types of extrinsic rewards can lead
you to measure your own success and happiness only through
the lenses that others place upon you. Of course feedback from
the external world is important; without it you cannot function
in society or have legitimate relationships with others. But an
overemphasis on rewards – on awards, grades, promotions,
or recognition – can be, in large doses, toxic if it leads you to
measure your impact, happiness, or achievement only through
the eyes of others.
If your reason for getting up in the morning ever becomes solely
trying to achieve praise, recognition, or adulation, you are in
trouble. My hope, for all of you, is that your reason for getting up
in the morning will always be to make a difference, to impact your
corner of the world positively. If you do that with passion, expertise,
and hard work, you will no doubt accumulate awards, praise,
and promotion. But do not let those external rewards become the
source of your motivation. Your internal, intrinsic sense of purpose
and meaning have to remain your compass for you to have a truly
fulfilling life.
To those who were recognized today: enjoy your hard earned
praise; but make certain not to use that to measure your sense
of purpose. There are many students in this room who did not
get recognized by a specific reward who have had as meaningful
impact on Hawken as those who were recognized. Be motivated
by your purpose and your impact, not by the recognition from
others. Awards and rewards are the icing, not the cake.
My last point: character.
The numerous awards that we celebrated this morning recognize
excellence, dedication, and commitment. By celebrating these
numerous areas of achievement in a public fashion, we not only
honor those individuals for their dedication and accomplishments,
but we make a statement of what we, as a community,
value. We do and should value academic, artistic, and athletic
achievement, as those are some of the core functions of a prep
school like Hawken.
However, it would sadden me if in our attempt to recognize some
excellence we accidentally devalue the excellence that did not
have a category represented today. As a school whose original
founding purpose is the development of character, we should
also be recognizing ALL the many attributes of fine character,
not simply the ones that MOST schools recognize: academics,
arts, athletics, etc.
If we truly aligned our awards with our values, we might add
awards like these:
• The Quiet Hero Award: Making a difference while seeking
no praise
• The Best Host Award: For going out of your way to make
visitors to our community feel comfortable
• The “I Fessed Up” Award: For the person who admitted his/
her wrongdoing or failure when it would have been easier
not to, solely because he or she knew it was the right thing
to do
• The Atlas Award: For greatest resilience in the face of challenge
• The Most Selfless Award: For putting needs of others before
your own
• The Facilitator Award: For using humor and graciousness
to make others feel better and to make social interactions
easier for others
• The “I Cleaned Up the Dining Room Table Even Though My
Friends Left It a Mess, Because I Know It Is the Right Thing
To Do” Award
I could go on and on, but I am sure you get the point: that those
things that MOST define your character are, in fact, the kinds of
things that never show up on the agenda for an awards ceremony.
I would posit that awards for high character, like the ones I just
listed, could and should be among the most important things
we might have recognized here today. But tradition and time
constraints meant that we, in fact, did not. Does that mean the
people in this room for whom the “Most Selfless Award” would
be appropriate should feel any less terrific about their selflessness
because we failed to give them an award? I certainly hope not.
To quote our founder, James Hawken: “The main purpose for
which the school exists is the development of character.”
So to end today’s ceremonies, I would like to invite all of you
to join me in recognizing those many students in the audience
who deserve recognition for acts of high character that we
simply failed to fit into one of today’s standard categories.
10 Hawken Review
Although students, or anyone for that matter, will
always be motivated by a combination of extrinsic
and intrinsic rewards, healthy schools should always
emphasize the intrinsic over the extrinsic. Unfortunately,
that is not usually the case, even at Hawken. The
assumptions about what selective college admission
offices value have put undue pressure on schools to
favor extrinsic rewards, which can be listed as part of
the college applicant résumé. It’s interesting to note
that the research on motivation suggests that students
who operate with a high degree of intrinsic motivation
actually outperform those who are motivated solely by
extrinsic rewards of grades.v In other words, one of the
benefits of being intrinsically motivated is that students
are more likely to achieve at a higher level than
students who are simply chasing letter grades.
Teachers
In addition to measuring and rewarding the wrong
things for students, we also have a problem with the
way we measure and reward faculty and administrators
in schools. Because private and public schools are
modeled after the original academies, and to a lesser
degree higher education, we overvalue and over reward
teacher tenure, and undervalue and under reward
excellence and commitment. Most compensation
models, including at Hawken, place a notable premium
on tenure, or simply time on the job. Although experience
does matter, there is not a lot of research to show that it
matters more than effort and willingness to be aligned
with the mission of the school. There is a substantive
difference in teaching excellence between a teacher
in his or her first couple of years and a teacher in his/
her seventh year. However, there is very little support
for the idea that a teacher in his/her twentieth year is
necessarily stronger than a teacher in his/her seventh.
In other words, once the basic skills of teaching are
learned (usually in the first 5 to 7 years), it is talent,
commitment, and mission alignment that differentiate
the superb teachers from the mediocre ones. Then why
is it that in nearly all schools the compensation model
is a straight salary scale based on years of experience
and levels of education? The answer is simply because
that is the way we have always done it, and most teachers
actually prefer it that way. Attempts at many schools to
introduce a merit-based pay system tend to backfire,
badly. This is due to several factors: the inability to find
a performance measurement for teaching that teachers
think is valid; the evaluative role of administrators,
making certain types of partnerships harder; and, finally,
a sense among faculty that a tenure-based compensation
system is fairer than one in which administrators
arbitrarily determine excellence. Teachers, like students,
are predominantly motivated by intrinsic rewards
of teaching, not extrinsic rewards; so as along as the
compensation model is fair, teachers tend to prefer it
to one in which merit is determined by administrative
evaluation. Many schools are not considering alternative
models that reward output, workload, and other
more objective measures of contribution to align
compensation, but this remains a trickier conversation
for all schools.
One of the areas of potential growth for rewarding
teachers involves creating paths for promotion that
don’t require a teacher to leave teaching to become
an administrator. In the past, it was often the case that
when teachers wanted a growth opportunity and/or
more compensation, some of the best teachers were
“promoted” to administrative roles. The system, in
effect, purged the best teachers from the classrooms
as a reward. Given that the tasks of teaching and
administration can be very different, we sometimes
take superb teachers and make them into mediocre
administrators. Finding growth paths for teachers
to become educational leaders, and compensating
them handsomely for that leadership, is one of the
areas of focus for many schools moving forward.
The other way that many schools err regarding personnel
is by overvaluing harmony over excellence. Since it is
difficult to find evaluative tools that are fair, accurate,
and acceptable to the faculty and staff, many schools
rationalize their patience with mediocrity in the interest
of preserving community harmony. Unless a teacher or
administrator is clearly harming the school, he or she
is retained in order to maintain harmony. In public and
charter schools, tenure-based compensation is a given,
and the teachers unions make removal of an inferior
employee nearly impossible. Independent schools do
not have those restrictions, but they largely operate the
same way, regardless. We are rewarding tenure, and not
addressing mediocrity.
11
12% 12%
Humility
Although there is a clear awakening among all
educational sectors, most schools are not positioned to
take a leadership role moving forward. Each of the main
educational sectors faces dramatically compromising
hurdles to educational leadership: Public schools are
hindered by their construct; parochial schools by finances;
charter schools by goals and context; and independent
schools by their history. Within the independent school
sector, however, there is some hope, because as privately
controlled entities, they have the latitude to break from
outdated traditions and overcome inertia. I am not
suggesting that no useful educational reforms are being
created in public, parochial, and charter schools; but I
am confident that, in general, their hands are tied far
more than ours when it comes to stepping forward to
take the lead.
Public Schools
Public schools experience an inequitable distribution
of funding through local property tax allocation, making
it impossible for schools in poorer areas to take any
leadership role in reform. In addition, the social and
familiar challenges that come with poverty place a
greater burden on the operations of public schools
in poor areas. Schools in affluent areas have more
resources to affect change, but their “reforms” are
primarily focused on “doubling down” on teacher
accountability and high stakes student testing.
The push for greater teacher accountability has taken
the focus away from professional development for
teachers and increased the antagonism between
WHO’S GOING TO LEAD?
If not us, then who? If not now, then when?
John E. Lewis, Author, The Explanation of Age
60%
52%
35%
From “Capitalizing on Complexity: Insights from the Global Chief Executive Officer Survey,” IBM 2010.
30% 28% 26%
Creativity
Integrity
Global Thinking
Influence
Openness
Dedication
Fairness
Top Leadership Qualities
CEOs cited Creativity as the most important leadership quality over the next five years.
12 Hawken Review
We all want progress, but if you’re
on the wrong road, progress means
doing an about-turn and walking back
to the right road; in that case, the
man who turns back soonest
is the most progressive.
Charter Schools
Moving forward, the leadership of educational reform
may come from the charter schools, but only in select
areas. When charter schools are located in an affluent
area or can access public sector money, they have a
greater opportunity to lead than most public schools.
Charter schools in the U.S. are, by definition, a form of
public school, as they are largely funded with public
money. Although they have more independence than
their public school counterparts, their very existence
depends on two things that restrict progressive
educational reforms: first, they are subject to a great
deal of state-level legislation; and second, they are
subject to vagaries of public funding and student
enrollment. Like public schools, many charter schools
have to work with the existing teachers unions, and
they face the same challenges in that arena that all
public schools face. Charter schools are growing faster
than any other sector of the educational industry,
with mixed results. They are still subject to far more
restrictions than private, independent schools, but
their independence signals hope for reform.
I had the pleasure of visiting a charter school that is
helping to lead the way for reform: High Tech High in
San Diego. This public charter school system is focused
entirely on a problem/project-based curriculum, which
has been so successful that they currently enroll over
5,000 students in eleven model schools. Rob Riordan,
the school’s co-founder, put it best: “There are three
axioms of public education in this country: separate
students from each other based on perceived academic
ability; separate minds from hands; and separate
schools from the world beyond. We seek to integrate
students, integrate technical and academic disciplines,
and connect students with the community.”vii When I
visited High Tech High, I saw kids passionately involved
in projects that were deeply meaningful to them. I
watched them putting great effort into their projects
because they were personally connected to the work,
not because they wanted to earn a high grade. High
Tech High has thrived because it has a few advantages
that many charter schools do not: it is located in an
educationally progressive area of the country; it is the
beneficiary of substantial corporate and private funding;
and it is guided by the uniquely visionary and sustained
leadership of its co-founders, Larry Rosenstock and Rob
Riordan.
However, since most charter schools’ primary funding
comes from public taxation, the opinion of the general
administrative leaders and the teachers unions. This
antagonism prompts unions to protect all teachers
against any corrective action, making it nearly impossible
to remove ineffective educators. Over time, weak teachers
begin to accumulate in the school system, negatively
affecting overall morale and contributing to a culture of
mediocrity. Furthermore, school choice initiatives have
intensified the need to quantify school quality. How?
By measuring teacher quality via student results on
standardized exams, mostly multiple choice exams.
Thus, the whole reform movement measurement
system is based on the narrow construct of measuring
students’ lower order thinking skills. The federal
legislation labeled “No Child Left Behind” is the most
prominent example.
Parochial Schools
Enrollments in Catholic, Jewish, Protestant, and other
church-affiliated schools have, in most areas, been
falling dramatically for years. Catholic schools are the
largest group of these religiously affiliated schools;
parochial school enrollment in the U.S. peaked in the
early 1960s, when more than 5.2 million students
populated almost 13,000 schools. By 1990, the numbers
had dropped to 2.5 million and only 8,700 schools.
Between 2004 and 2014, an additional 23% of Catholic
schools closed, and enrollment numbers dropped by
over 500,000 students.vi The parochial school system is
currently facing existential financial challenges, not only
from dramatic declines in tuitions from enrollment,
but also from the decline in cheap labor in the person
of nuns. At one time, Catholic schools served as viable
and inexpensive alternatives to failing urban public
schools. Although some Catholic schools still fill that
niche, charter schools are becoming an increasingly
popular option.
13
We were encouraged to be
creative, to explore, to experiment
so long as we kept in mind our
obligation to the pupil to reach
certain goals.
public, which largely believes in standardization, will
continue to hold too much sway for real reform. Only
in places where the general public is educationally
progressive in its outlook and where the charter school
has access to financial resources beyond the local tax
base are we likely to see models like High Tech High.
Even those schools, however, are generally subject to
the same state standards and testing regimes as other
public schools, and they require partnership with the
teachers union.
Private, Independent Schools Like Hawken
The leadership of educational reform can come from
independent schools, but only if they can get out of the
way of their own history. By definition, an independent
school is a private school that must operate as a nonprofit
and is governed by a board of trustees. Typically,
the only employee of the board of trustees is the head
of school, or headmaster, who acts as the agent of the
board. As my employment contract with the Hawken
School Board of Trustees states:
You will be the chief administrator and educational leader
of Hawken School and will have general supervision
over the academic and administrative operations of
and subsidiary activities sponsored by the School. All
administrative, faculty, and staff members’ duties will be
delineated by you, and these employees will be responsible
to you directly or through your designated administrator.
You will have final authority to employ, discharge and
prescribe the compensation of teachers and other
employees in accordance with the policies of the Board
of Trustees. You will also have complete jurisdiction over
the academic, auxiliary and other programs of the School
and the discipline of students; you may, in your sole
discretion, admit, suspend or expel any student from the
School in accordance with policies of the Board of Trustees.
This broadly defined authority, typically conferred by
the board, gives an independent school head of school
latitude unlike that of any other educational leadership
position in the K-12 sector. Therefore, if an independent
school wants to forge its own path forward, few external
authorities can stop it. Other than laws that protect
student safety (like fire drills and zoning), typically
few legislative restrictions have direct impact on the
direction of the educational instruction. However, since
independent schools charge tuition – and typically
a much higher tuition than any other type of private
school – restrictions regarding change come mostly
from the market.
As independent schools exercise their freedom to develop
unique and innovative curricula and programs, they
must consider whether students and parents will elect
to join the community if their educational programs are
dramatically different from those of the public schools.
Independent schools have license to do almost anything
with their programs, but they can only go as far as their
current community and local market will allow. Thus,
notable change depends on the acceptance of that
change by current parents, students, faculty, and alumni.
Typically, it is difficult to convince parents, students, and
alumni that dramatic change is necessary, particularly
if the school is highly successful. “If the school was
good enough for me, it is good enough for my children,”
alumni parents might say. Unfortunately, many
independent school change efforts are stymied by a
lack of buy-in from current constituents or alumni. That
explains why, in spite of the liberty independent schools
have to lead educational reform, very few do. More often
than not, they are paralyzed by historical inertia and
lack permission from constituents. Nevertheless, an
effective head of school and board of trustees can
leverage constituent loyalty, trust, and resources in
an effort to mobilize change.
In instances when a school is positioned to lead change
and the head and board have wide community support,
it is still rare for an independent school to take the lead
in affecting significant change. Reasons may include a
lack of awareness that change is needed, a belief that
the status quo and the path of least resistance are good
enough, a basic lack of courage to challenge the norm,
or perhaps some combination of all of these.
14 Hawken Review
Hawken School is among a very small group of
independent schools that are well-positioned to innovate
and assume national leadership in educational reform
in the effort to move from standardization toward
greater individualization. Founded as a progressive
school, Hawken boasts the original intent, constituent
readiness, faculty and administrative talent, and board
of trustees’ courage and commitment to do things few
other schools can attempt. Furthermore, Hawken’s
influence among other independent schools may enable
its success and innovation to serve as an inspiration and
model for other schools. There will be a movement, and
Hawken should be in the center of that movement
because we are in a unique position to do so, and because
the stakes are high for the next generation of children.
Permission: The Synergy Between Our Original
Intent and Our Constituents’ Trust in Innovation
To move Hawken School toward the model of apprenticeship
and away from standardization, we do not need to
pursue a radical path; we simply need to return home
to our original intent. Most of the precepts of progressive
educators like James A. Hawken and John Dewey are
well-validated by current research on teaching and
learning. Essentially, Mr. Dewey and Mr. Hawken had the
right answers; we just forgot them. However, neither Mr.
Dewey nor Mr. Hawken had any answers with regard to
what to do about computers, the internet, global travel,
and other 21st century realities. It is up to us, then, to
apply their general philosophy while designing modern
teaching methods in the midst of those unique 21st
century conditions.
During the 2006-2007 school year, in an effort to merge
the original intent of the School with our ambitions for
the future, the entire Hawken community participated
in a process to clearly define our guiding language
moving forward. The most significant outcome of that
process was the development of our statement of Purpose,
Promise and Principles, also known as the Three P’s.
Our Purpose: Forward Focused Preparation
for The Real World Through The Development
of Character And Intellect
What this means is that Hawken School should be
constantly evaluating and re-evaluating what we do
for children through the prism of readiness. How can
we best help these children be ready for the complex,
ambiguous, global, interconnected, and challenged
future that awaits them? And, equally important, how
can we send them out into the world with a sense of
obligation to make every community they join better
because of their participation?
All of the recent initiatives at Hawken are intended
to move our program back toward the “whole child”
orientation that Mr. Hawken and the founders of Hawken
School envisioned. Even if the College Board cares only
about intellect (primarily lower order thinking, at that),
it is our obligation and original intent to place equal
emphasis on the development of our students’ character.
Since 2006, Hawken School has undergone a remarkable
period of growth and innovation. As the accompanying
charts show (facing page), after all of this change,
constituents at Hawken are happy, confident, loyal,
engaged, and looking forward. The path we are forging
is further validated by five straight years of record
enrollment, record annual fund returns in both numbers
and percentages, record capital giving for two straight
years, and achievement of the Plain Dealer Top
Workplaces designation for two consecutive years
(based on a survey of current employees).
WHY HAWKEN HAS TO LEAD
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path
and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American Poet, Essayist, & Philosopher
15
Hawken Satisfaction Rankings 2004 -2013
The following charts show Hawken’s satisfaction rankings
statistically significantly above or below ISACS school averages.
Hawken School Parent Satisfaction
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
2004 2013
15
50
3
16
0
52
Hawken School Student Satisfaction
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
2004 2013
45
16
7
3
18
47
Hawken School Faculty Satisfaction
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
2004 2013
19
45
4 5
41
22
To test the Hawken community’s readiness for another
round of innovation, I recently ran several workshops
for parents and alumni called “The Future of Education.”
At the end of the two-hour discussion, I asked each
of them to take a quick, one question, anonymous
survey that asked: On a scale of 1 (not willing) to 10
(very willing), how willing are you to let your child be a
participant in pilot programs at Hawken? The average
response was 8.6. Although the group of people who
show up to a workshop titled “The Future of Education”
might have a more innovative skew, I believe the
response from that group is largely aligned with the
greater Hawken community. This level of trust and
willingness to grant the School permission for their
children to participate in new, experimental programming
underscores the extent to which Hawken is uniquely
positioned to innovate (following page).
Practice and Talent: Not Our First Rodeo
Often, when my father was trying something challenging,
he would say, “Well, this isn’t my first rodeo.” I always
took this to mean, “Trust me, I have lots of prior
experience that makes this OK.” With regard to
educational reforms, few schools in the country have
done as much, as quickly, as Hawken. Over the course
of the last eight years, the faculty, administration, staff,
and board have learned quite a bit about how to move
change through a school. And we have done a lot.
Here are just a few of the initiatives we have introduced
in the last eight years that align with the original intent
of Hawken School:
The Sally & Bob Gries Center for Service and
Experiential Learning
The Gries Center provides designated space for our
faculty to help students learn by doing, using both the
amazing resources and complex challenges of University
Circle and Cleveland as laboratory and studio for that
exploratory work.
The Lyndhurst Campus - Lincoln & Hurwitz Halls
Classrooms are organized around a central common
space to create a sense of micro-community for students.
Schedule Changes - Intensives
We have restructured our use of time with students,
most notably in the Upper School through the creation
of Intensive classes. Intensives are intended to provide a
deep experience to mitigate the fact that the American
high school curriculum has become more about breadth
than depth.
Worse Same Better
100%
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0
Parents Faculty Students Admin/Staff Trustee
The Sydell & Arnold Miller Institute
for Entrepreneurial Studies
Launched this past year with an Insights course, rotational
course, and an Intensive, The Institute now offers an
interdisciplinary, three-credit, honors, semester-long
Entrepreneurship Program at the Gries Center.
The Hawken Continuum
A unique curriculum and pedagogy for students in preschool
through 2nd grade.
The Upper School Student Leadership Programs
The Peer Leader Program, where 12th grade
students mentor 9th grade students on managing
life in the Upper School.
Hawken Integrity Council, making it the job of the
students to assist actively in dialogue relating to
issues of integrity in the Upper School.
The House System, which divides the Upper School
into four houses – Ansel, Bolton, Chester, and
Mather – for the purpose of strengthening service,
stewardship, and school spirit.
Insights Week
Experiences that provide real-world learning opportunities
for Middle School students.
The Global Online Academy
Through this membership, Hawken partners with a
network of other forward-focused independent schools
around the world, giving our Upper School students
access to a course catalog many times broader than
what Hawken alone can offer.
These initiatives were implemented as a result of much
collaboration, communication, data gathering, analysis,
and decision making as we worked to fine-tune our
execution. Over time, we have gained enough practice
with innovation to take on even bigger reform challenges
in the future, and we will do it the right way, as we have
in recent years. Each successful innovation to date began
as a “pilot” program, which, if successful, then migrated
into the core curriculum.
Hawken School Responses to ISACS Survey 1994-2013
School Is Innovative In Its Educational Offerings (% Positive)
1994 1999 2004 2007 2010 2013
16 Hawken Review
Hawken differs from most schools in that we don’t design
specialty or satellite programs that are only accessible
to a few talented students. Rather, we design our
programming for maximum accessibility to our entire
student body. Many schools that succeed in creating
exciting, innovative programs make them available to
only a small percentage of students in order to mitigate
risk; moreover, they fail to make the necessary changes
in curriculum design and teaching methodology that
would be required to connect the program meaningfully
to the core curriculum.
Board Courage
In 2007, Hawken School’s Board of Trustees approved
the acquisition of a property in University Circle (which
would become the Gries Center) even though I was unable
to articulate fully to them what, exactly, the faculty
would do with this new campus. The Board believed,
as I did, that if we gave the talented Hawken faculty a
new blank canvas to paint upon with the wonderful
palette of colors that is University Circle, they would
create something magnificent. And they have, and they
are. This bold leap of faith by the Board in the faculty,
administration, and head of school is rare among private
schools. Most private day school boards are largely
made up of current parents, who are often afraid of
innovation. They would love new programs that work,
but they have little interest in having their own children
serve as “guinea pigs.” Hawken’s Board is different in
its approach to change, belief in innovation, and trust
in the faculty and administration. Hawken’s Board has
a long view of the arc of the School, and the trustees
understand that long-term health and growth require
innovation – and living through the growing pains that
usually accompany innovation.
Hope and fear are motivating factors in moving change
throughout any organization. Hawken’s Board of Trustees
uses hope as the primary motivator for the rest of the
community by putting their trust in the talent of the
faculty and administration, while standing strong in the
face of short-term parent and student doubts about
change. Many independent schools that could be leaders
in the educational reform movement do not enter the
game, largely because their boards are too risk averse
and too influenced by short-term parent concerns.
Hawken is notably different in that regard.
An Appropriate Model for Other Schools
One of the goals for Hawken in any change initiative is
to provide a model for other schools to follow. Although
our primary purpose is to provide the right education
for the students at Hawken, I believe our impact can
and should extend beyond the 985 students we serve.
In many ways, as a well-resourced (but not extravagantly
so), mid-sized school serving all grades pre-school
through 12th grade, we are an ideal potential model
for other schools that are trying to move toward a more
progressive educational model. I used to work at Phillips
Academy Andover, which, given its nearly billion dollar
endowment and fundraising history, has the capacity
to do things very few independent schools can attempt.
So when Andover does something notable, my peer
heads of school tend to think, “Well, that’s nice, but we
don’t have a billion dollar endowment.” Hawken’s financial
profile is above average for a private school, but not so
far out of alignment with the rest of our industry that
other schools cannot follow our lead.
In addition, Cleveland is a tough market. In New York,
San Francisco, and Washington, there are many more
students who want to attend private schools than there
are seats in those schools. If a school in one of those
cities makes a program change that some of their
families do not like, the school leaders do not have to
worry about the degree to which their enrollment will
be affected. In Cleveland, however, there are more
private schools seats than there are families interested in
those seats. Although Hawken has had five consecutive
years of record enrollment and is currently full, most of
our competitor private schools are not full, and many
are falling dramatically short of their previous high
enrollment. When Hawken takes a risk on innovation
and succeeds, we can make the compelling argument
to other private schools that “If this can be done in
Cleveland, it can be done anywhere.”
The kinds of innovation and reform we are undertaking
at Hawken not only serve our students, but can be
exported to other schools. Over the last several years,
many schools from all over the country have visited
Hawken to learn about our Upper School schedule, our
use of the Gries Center, our one-to-one tablet program,
and other innovations (following page).
17
18 Hawken Review
1 Analytical and Creative Thinking and Problem-Solving
• Identify, manage and address complex problems
• Detect bias, and distinguish between reliable and unsound information
• Control information overload
• Formulate meaningful questions
• Analyze and create ideas and knowledge
• Use trial and error; devise and test solutions to problems
• Imagine alternatives
• Develop cross-disciplinary knowledge and perspectives
• Engage in sustained reasoning
• Synthesize and adapt
• Solve new problems that don’t have rule-based solutions
• Use knowledge and creativity to solve complex “real-world” problems
2 Complex Communication - Oral and Written
• Understand and express ideas in two or more languages
• Communicate clearly to diverse audiences
• Listen attentively
• Speak effectively
• Write clearly and concisely - for a variety of audiences
• Explain information and compellingly persuade others of its implications
3 Leadership and Teamwork
• Initiate new ideas
• Lead through influence
• Build trust, resolve conflicts, and provide support for others
• Facilitate group discussions, forge consensus, and negotiate outcomes
• Teach, coach and counsel others
• Enlist help
• Collaborate on tasks, manage groups, and delegate responsibilities
• Implement decisions and meet goals
• Share the credit
4 Digital and Quantitative Literacy
• Understand, use, and apply digital technologies
• Create digital knowledge and media
• Use multimedia resources to communicate ideas effectively in a variety of forms
• Master and use higher-level mathematics
• Understand traditional and emerging topics in math, science, and
technology - environmental sciences, robotics, fractals, cellular automata,
nanotechnology, and biotechnology
5 Global Perspective
• Develop open-mindedness, particularly regarding the values, traditions of others
• Study and understand non-western history, politics, religion, and culture
• Develop facility with one or more international languages
• Use technology to connect with people and events globally
• Develop social and intellectual skills to navigate effectively across cultures
• Use 21st century skills to understand and address global issues
• Learn from, and work collaboratively with, individuals from diverse cultures,
religions, and lifestyles in a spirit of mutual respect and open dialogue
• Leverage social and cultural differences to create new ideas and achieve success
6 Adaptability, Initiative, and Risk-Taking
• Develop flexibility, agility, and adaptability
• Bring a sense of courage to unfamiliar situations
• Explore and experiment
• Work effectively in a climate of ambiguity and changing priorities
• View failure as an opportunity to learn, and acknowledge that innovation
involves small successes and frequent mistakes
• Cultivate an independence of spirit to explore new roles, ideas, and strategies
• Develop entrepreneurial literacy
• Use creativity and innovation to produce things that are unique and that have
value and meaning
7 Integrity and Ethical Decision-Making
• Sustain an empathetic and compassionate outlook
• Foster integrity, honesty, fairness, and respect
• Exhibit moral courage in confronting unjust situations
• Act responsibly, with the interests and well-being of the larger community
in mind
• Develop a fundamental understanding of emerging ethical issues and
dilemmas regarding new media and technologies
• Make reasoned and ethical decisions in response to complex problems viii
Organizations
Visiting Hawken
Holton-Arms School, MD
University School of Milwaukee, WI
Winchester Thurston School, PA
Harvard Principals Advisory Council
The Westminster Schools, GA
Northshore CDS, IL
Maumee Valley School, OH
KIPP Academy
Asheville School, NC
The Hill School, PA
Garrison Forest School, MD
Cranbrook Schools, MI
Holy Innocents School, GA
Woodward Academy, GA
Oregon Episcopal School, OR
St. Paul Academy, MN
E.E. Ford Foundation
Park School, MD
Allendale Columbia School, NY
Noble Impact, AR
William Penn Charter School, PA
Essential Capacities for the 21st Century Schools
Committee NAIS Commission on Accreditation
19
The National Association of Independent Schools
(NAIS) is an association of over 1,400 private independent
schools. Hawken School is a long-time member of NAIS,
and I currently serve on its Board of Trustees. Pat Bassett,
former President of NAIS, advised educators, “Rather
than alignment, there is a growing disconnect among
what we know kids need, what schools deliver, and
what parents expect.”
During Pat’s tenure, NAIS created the NAIS Commission
on Accreditation and charged that group with developing
an aspirational vision for our schools. After several years
of work, the Commission identified what schools of the
future should be like in a document called The Essential
Capacities for the 21st Century (facing page).
Although this list of capacities is by no means complete,
I believe it represents a reasonably accurate inventory
of the skills our students will need for their future. I am
proud that Hawken, more than any other school in
Cleveland, comes closest to meeting the standards
for these competencies; but we are still nowhere near
the level of program alignment necessary to be able
to claim excellence in all categories. What is stifling
our efforts most in moving towards these 21st century
competencies are the remnants of the industrial model
of education, particularly the way we use time, organize
departments, use space, employ technology, organize
students into groups, and train our faculty and staff.
In order to prepare students properly for a different
future, we need to make some fundamental shifts
in our approach to education. In his work, Sir Ken
Robinson argues that the paradigm shift we need
to make in education is from the industrial model to
an organic one.ix Or more concretely, as the MacArthur
Foundation research project on 21st century learning
suggests, shifts in the specific ways that schools and
classrooms operate (following page).
So how is Hawken going to make these shifts and
develop programs based more on mastery than
standardization and efficiency? We will have to do this
by slowly, thoughtfully, but persistently, taking on the
“Sacred Cows” of education. Some of the cows will no
doubt survive, hopefully in a modified form, but some
will need to die.
As Hawken moves forward with its educational reforms,
we will be challenging many of these “sacred cows,”
which serve efficiency and lower order thinking skills
like the pure acquisition of content knowledge.
Acquiring content knowledge without context or
application in the real world reflects a 19th century
approach to education and fails to prepare students
for the future, unless their goal is to become a
19th/20th century college professor. I have nothing
against college professors (I quite like them actually),
but much of the content knowledge they cram into the
short-term memory of students will be obsolete by the
time the students try to apply it in the world; and that
which is not obsolete, but is timeless, will likely be lost
over time if student passions are not engaged during
the acquisition of that knowledge.
So where does this lead us? Right back to the
apprenticeship model, of course. The advantage
of an apprenticeship-based educational model is a
“no-brainer,” so to speak, when viewed through a
21st century lens, because it achieves the following:
• Connects learning to the real world
• Individualizes the pace of learning
• Individualizes the approach to learning
• Is mastery-based vs. time-based
• Creates incremental success, not winners and losers
• Exposes students to complexity
• Is active learning, not passive
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change
something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.
Buckminster Fuller, American Neo-Futuristic Architect
20 Hawken Review
Return to the Apprenticeship Model
Do not train children to learning by force and harshness,
but direct them to it by what amuses their minds,
so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy
the peculiar bent of the genius of each.
Plato
For most of human history, children were educated by
adults through apprenticeship. The goal of this model
was not efficiency or speed, but mastery. The master
and apprentice relationship required the master to
understand how each apprentice learned, and the
apprentice learned by taking on incrementally more
challenging, applied tasks. As mastery of one task was
achieved by the apprentice, the master added a new,
more challenging task. The master supervised this
learning until the apprentice could demonstrate
consistent mastery. This continued until the apprentice
achieved a level of overall mastery that allowed him
to become a master himself.
Some trades still practice this model directly, the
residency program in medical training and the law
review process being fine examples. But for the most
part in schools, we have replaced this model with a
system that gives students one chance to take a test,
which they either pass or fail. Regardless of whether
everyone passes, the whole class moves forward to
the next task or subject, with the “C” grade indicating
marginal mastery and the “A” grade indicating complete
mastery. Sadly, in this model, efficiency has replaced
mastery. Rather than allow time for all students to
achieve complete mastery, we simply move all the
students down the assembly line until the buzzer goes
off or the course ends, at which point some students are
certified as successes and others are certified as failures.
In nearly all cases, the “C” students in any class could
achieve the mastery of the “A” students if they were
granted more time on task.
The outstanding masters knew that in addition to
specific knowledge their apprentices would need to
develop strong character traits – qualities such as trustworthiness,
compassion, and integrity, which are
essential to any legitimate trade. Where is the value
in being a skilled journalist, for example, if your readers
don’t trust you? The masters also ensured that student
work was not separated from the real world application
Sir Ken Robinson
Industrial Model vs. Organic Model
Utility Vitality
Linearity Creativity
Conformity Diversity
Standardization Customization
MacArthur Foundation
Industrial Model vs. Organic Model
Knowing (Content) Doing (Skills)
Teacher Centered Student Centered
Individual Work Team Work
Consumption
of Information
Construction
of Meaning
Schools Networks
Single Sourcing Crowd Sourcing
The “Sacred Cows of Education”
• Separate academic departments
• Grade levels organized by age groups
(vs. mixed age classrooms)
• Assessments
• Assessment by letter grades and standardized
tests (vs. narrative feedback)
• Timed tests (vs. untimed)
• Multiple choice and true/false tests and quizzes
• Individual achievement assessment
(vs. group achievement assessment)
• Teaching (pedagogy)
• Less cohort “whole group” teaching; more
individualized approaches
• Greater mix of techniques: simulation, projects,
internships, lecture, discussion to address
the natural range of learning styles in students
• More technology assisted teaching
• Definition of a classroom (space)
• Single content area courses
• Class size
• Use of Time: Schedule and Calendar
• The boundary between academic and
co-curricular activities
21
Education is not preparation for life,
it is life itself.
and implications of that work. Modern schools separate
and compartmentalize education into subjects, to the
point where students are often left with the question,
“Why do I need to learn this?” By taking students out
into the world for more field work, or using technology
to bring the world into the classroom, we connect the
specifics of student work with the complexity and
authenticity of the real world. This complexity and
authenticity drive intrinsic interest and curiosity in
students. Intrinsic interest, in turn, drives student
engagement. And it is my belief that we are most alive
when we are fully engaged.
Not only are we most alive when fully engaged, but
we are also happiest. Noted psychologist Mihaly
Csikszentmihalyi states, “Happiness is not something
that happens to people but something that they make
happen.”x His research shows that people are most
happy when they are in a state he calls “flow.” One
definition of “flow” is “an optimal state of intrinsic
motivation, where the person is fully immersed in what
he or she is doing. This is characterized by a feeling of
great freedom, enjoyment, fulfillment, and skill, during
which temporal concerns such as time, food, ego-self,
are typically ignored.” Everyone has experienced “flow”
– those moments in life when you are so meaningfully
engaged that you lose track of everything but the
specific object of your attention in that moment. Children
call this phenomenon “play;” adults and adolescents
may call it “being in the zone.” I call it “full engagement.”
Schools tend to be very effective at creating “full engagement”
experiences through co-curricular activities like
theatre, athletics, and debate; but they fall short when
it comes to the academic program. What would full intellectual
engagement look like in the academic arena?
Students would exhibit passion for ideas and the life of
the mind; have a sense of belonging to a greater intellectual
community; experience an earned confidence in
their own capacities and competencies; think critically
and analytically; and, most important, create.
Creation is the most important result of engagement
because it gets right to the core of human potential.
Internationally recognized educational psychologist
Benjamin Bloom created a taxonomy of learning, in
which he places “synthesis” or “creation” as the highest
of the higher order thinking skills. Similarly, Jean Piaget,
renowned developmental psychologist and father of
the constructivist theory of knowing, once said: “The
principal goal of education is to create men and women
who are capable of doing new things, not simply of
repeating what other generations have done – men and
women who are creative, inventive and discoverers,
who have minds which can be critical, can verify rather
than accept everything they are offered.” The best
schools invite, cajole, entice, and otherwise interest
students to engage fully. While it sometimes may be
necessary for schools to provide extrinsic motivations
and strict requirements, encouraging the intrinsic
motivations of students provides greater effect and
longer lasting impact.
Intrinsic motivation is nurtured by creating an
environment where students are provided a meaningful
context for learning, shown authentic connections to
their own experiences, and given some latitude and
responsibility to learn by doing and through trial and
error. Intrinsic motivation leads to flow; flow feels like
play; play leads to happiness. I am not suggesting that
the entire curriculum should consist of things that kids
intrinsically like to do; rather, I am suggesting that the
best curriculum and pedagogy are based on attempts to
channel or create student interest for maximal benefit.
It is my belief that bringing the apprenticeship model
back into education is the best way to achieve this type
of benefit for students, and, more broadly, to lead them
on a path toward fulfillment and happiness. As James
Hawken once wrote, “…the leading idea should be the
nutrition of feeling. Help the child hear, to see and feel;
to wonder, admire and revere; to believe, hope, and
love.”
The goal of education should be
creating men and women who are not
simply repeating what other generations
have done; who are creative, inventive
and discoverers, who can be critical
and verify, and not accept, everything
they are offered.
22 Hawken Review
Nearly every educational system in the world right
now is actively discussing educational reform. This is not
a coincidence. The landscape for our future has shifted
dramatically due to the instant access to information
that the internet and technology provide and to the
shrinking of the global community.
As a result of this shift, the current educational construct,
the industrial model, fits the needs of the 19th and 20th
century far better than it does those of the 21st century.
During the 20th century, it was not only possible, but
common, to select one career path and even stay with
one company for an entire career; and because the
achievement tracks of 20th century corporations mirrored
many of the attributes of the industrial model, traits like
consistency, efficiency, compliance, and deference to
hierarchy were more highly valued than they are today.
It is estimated that during the course of our children’s
lifetime, they will have several different careers and will
change employers many times. In a recent survey, 91%
of millennials (born between 1977-1997) expect to stay
in a job for less than three years. They are likely to have
6 to 8 different jobs before the age of 38.xii Not only will
our children have many more career transitions, but
they are much more likely to be involved in startup
ventures. The new entrepreneurial economy will value
traits like creativity, innovation, and anti-compliance far
more the 20th century industrial economy did.
In the Academy and Industrial models of education, the
primary goal was the acquisition of content knowledge,
and thus it was important to carry facts, formulas, and
procedures in your head at all times. This made sense
prior to the late 20th century, because driving to the
library to research specific facts or data was inefficient.
With the invention of computers that are networked
through a world wide web, however, most of the
knowledge acquired in human history (and large
volumes of new knowledge produced every day) is
almost instantly accessible given the proper technology
and research skills. To illustrate my point, consider this:
Hawken School’s 7th graders can find specific facts
about the Civil War and the Periodic Table of Elements
with their computers faster than most of our faculty
can without computers.
Never before in human history has so much information
been as readily accessible as it is today, and the
prodigious volume of content knowledge and ease
of access are only going to get bigger and faster. Thus, it
is simply not an appropriate goal to organize education
as an exercise in measuring who can memorize the
most knowledge. The goal moving forward has to be
more about the development of character and useful
skills – skills like learning proper research methods and
techniques that lead to the valid use of information on
the internet. In the 21st century, learning how to use
knowledge has to replace the task of acquiring content
knowledge. This necessitates a shift in the teacher’s role
from that of the sole fount of content knowledge (the
“sage on the stage”) to that of a coach or mentor (“guide
on the side”). This approach liberates both students
and teachers to collaborate, problem-solve, and create.
We already know what this model should look like: the
master/apprentice model.
WHY NOW? THE AWAKENING
You may delay, but time will not.
Benjamin Franklin, Founding Father, Inventor, & Political Theorist
Were all instructors to realize that
the quality of mental process, not the
production of correct answers, is the
measure of educative growth, something
hardly less than a revolution
in teaching would be worked.
23
The pace of globalization due to technology has also
changed the landscape of education. In the world our
children will know, having meaningful relationships
beyond boundaries of country and continent will be the
norm. They will regularly participate in group work, in
real time and asynchronously, with people all over the
world. Think, for example, how this will challenge the
Enlightenment model of “The Classics.” Classical Western
European literature, art, philosophy, and history must
remain a part of a liberal arts education, but we have
to make room for the best thinking and writing from the
southern hemisphere and Asia as well. Humanities
education, therefore, must evolve into a study of the
shared themes and philosophy of all humankind and
less about specific pieces of the Western Canon. In
addition, with globalization comes a greater need for
the development of cross-cultural competencies (e.g.,
the ability to deeply understand that other cultures,
habits, values, traditions, mannerisms, and approaches
to the world are different from our own). Certainly it is
impossible for us to teach our students the complexities
of all of the various cultures in the world, but it is possible
to teach them the universal skills of communication and
empathy to ensure that they feel confident in navigating
and engaging with new cultures.
Even Selective College Admission Offices
Are Awakening
After many years of overvaluing academic metrics (grades,
SAT and ACT scores, AP’s), many colleges are changing
their admission processes to incorporate assessments
of students’ “non-cognitive” skills, which might not have
been properly weighed. At Tufts University, optional
sections of its admission application give students an
opportunity to demonstrate creativity. Students can
answer creative writing prompts, submit YouTube videos
about themselves, or “use an 8.5 x 11- inch sheet of paper
to create something. Blueprint your future home, create
a new product, draw a comic strip, design a costume
or theatrical set, compose a score, or do something
entirely different.”xiii
Taking notice of this trend among college admission
offices, the Educational Testing Service (ETS) has created
a facility called the Personal Potential Index (PPI) to
measure non-cognitive skills. Initially, the ETS added it
to the Graduate Record Exam (GRE) for admission to
graduate school. The PPI asks students to have faculty
members who know them complete a questionnaire
that measures six factors: knowledge and creativity,
resilience, communication, planning and organization,
and teamwork and ethics.xiv ETS is developing a
Collegiate PPI to be used for undergraduate admission.
The teacher reviewers will rate: critical thinking and
problem solving, motivation and work ethic, ethics and
integrity, persistence and resilience, leadership and
teamwork, and communication skills.
Interestingly the College Board rejected a proposal
to include ETS’s new PPI service in the SAT exam. Robert
Shaeffer, Public Education Director of the National
Center for Fair and Open Testing, said, “Now they have
turned down an opportunity to include the more
nuanced information the PPI could provide in
conjunction with SAT scores. This pattern suggests that
the College Board’s highest priority is preserving the
market position of its flagship product – the SAT – not
providing admission offices with detailed, relevant
evidence from multiple sources which could improve
their decision making.”xv
I believe it is just a matter of time before college
admission offices compel the College Board to adopt
some version of the PPI or another measure of noncognitive
skills. In a recent conversation with Rick
Bischoff, Vice President for Enrollment Management
at Case Western Reserve University and a current
Hawken parent, he told me that CWRU has completely
overhauled its application process, specifically to
capture more indicators of non-cognitive skills in their
applicants. As more colleges like Case Western Reserve
and Tufts revise their admission processes to evaluate
the whole child, the College Board will eventually follow.
Then schools like Hawken, which organizes its programs
around more than pure academics, will have the holistic
work of its students more easily recognized.
24 Hawken Review
Although there has been a lot of change at Hawken
over the last eight years, most of the changes have been
to prepare for a longer, bigger journey. In order take
on any challenging task, it is best to set as many of the
preconditions for success in place as possible before
moving forward.
In a school, the most important resources for success
are time, money, space, and people. Over the last eight
years, we have spent a great deal of time and energy
rethinking the way we use time and our community’s
alignment with our forward-focused mission. Both
remain works in progress, but we have made tremendous
strides. As the constituent satisfaction and workplace
satisfaction survey data suggest, there is strong alignment
between the faculty, staff, and administration and the
mission of Hawken. In addition, we have completed
significant work on the schedules of the Lower, Middle
and Upper Schools. With regard to space, the addition
of the Sally and Bob Gries Center at University Circle
enabled us to expand our service and experiential
learning work for students and faculty; and the
expansion/renovations at the Middle School (Lincoln
Hall) and Lower School (Hurwitz Hall) now provide
tremendous spaces for active learning. We have made
extraordinary progress with time, people, and space,
but we still have a few needs to be completely ready
for the journey ahead. Moving forward, the two areas
of greatest need will be space for the Upper School
and funding for innovation.
Stirn Hall
For Hawken to fulfill its mission, we need better and
additional academic and common space on the Gates
Mills campus. We do not have enough classrooms, large
enough classrooms, enough common space, or some
of the necessary specialty spaces that our forwardlooking
curriculum demands (e.g., media production,
fabrication lab, and learning commons). Therefore, we
have launched a fundraising campaign to raise $24.5
million dollars to build 50,000 square feet of new space
and renovate our 55,000 square feet of current space.
This campaign was energized when the Hawken Board
WHAT DOES HAWKEN NEED
FOR THIS JOURNEY?
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four
sharpening the axe.
Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States
Stirn Hall Front Elevation
25
of Trustees and Visiting Committee committed almost
$8,000,000 to start. The Kelvin and Eleanor Smith
Foundation offered a challenge to the community
to raise another $8,000,000, which the foundation will
then match. When that match is met, the gift from the
Smith Foundation will be the largest in the history of
Hawken School. The new Upper School building will
be named in honor of Life Trustee Howard Stirn and his
wife, Cara Smith Stirn.
In order for us to move our teaching at Hawken to a
model where students spend more of their time learning
by doing than by sitting and listening, classrooms need
to be larger. It is not a coincidence that the largest classrooms
in most schools are art rooms and science rooms.
Everyone understands that you cannot teach art or
science without students getting up from their desks
and doing some actual art or science. These subjects
tend to require active, hands-on work more than other
subject areas.
Our current art and science classrooms at Gates Mills are
900 square feet or larger, while the classrooms for all the
other subject areas are only 450 square feet. Our Lower
and Middle School classrooms average about 850
square feet – so the littlest Hawks have the biggest
space, and the biggest Hawks the smallest space. In
a high school classroom of only 450 square feet with
16 adult-sized students and their backpacks, only two
types of teaching can occur: lecture and discussion.
Although these methodologies will have a notable
place in our pedagogy moving forward, they cannot
be our default instructional method. Our teachers
need bigger spaces to do project- and problem-based
instruction, hands-on activities, collaborative group
work, simulations, performances, workshops, and other
more active classroom techniques. Quite simply, active
classrooms require bigger teaching spaces.
After funding Stirn Hall, we will likely be looking for
funding to support faculty professional development,
release time to allow faculty to develop new programs,
pilot program launching, and real world learning
outside of the traditional classroom setting. The more
time students spend solving real world problems,
the easier it will be to move our curriculum from one
focused on extrinsic rewards to one that intrinsically
ignites student curiosity and interest.
Stirn Hall Main Entrance
26 Hawken Review
Many people have asked me for a shorter, easier
way to explain our ambitions for Hawken, and why it is
so important to me not only to create a great, forwardfocused
program, but to do it in a way that serves as a
model for other schools. I have a simple explanation,
but I always hesitate to share it, since it could deem me
worthy of my surname.
But here is the simple explanation …
We are working to save the world.
Save the world? I know, that may seem like an overreach
or a cliché, but let me make a case that we are doing
nothing less at Hawken right now. To help me make
the argument, I enlist the services of the late Margaret
Mead, cultural anthropologist, who claimed:
• Human nature is potentially aggressive and destructive
and potentially orderly and constructive.
• Our humanity rests upon a series of learned behaviors,
woven together into patterns that are infinitely fragile
and never directly inherited.
• The solution to adult problems tomorrow depends on
large measure upon how our children grow up today.
• We are now at a point where we must educate our
children in what no one knew yesterday, and prepare
our schools for what no one knows yet.
Or, as she put a little less diplomatically, “Instead of
needing lots of children, we need high-quality children.”
THIS IS BIGGER THAN HAWKEN
That the better self shall prevail, and each generation introduce its successor
to a higher plane of life.
John Lancaster Spaulding, Co-founder of The Catholic University & Bishop Emeritus
of the Diocese of Peoria, Illinois
We live in an extraordinary period of human history,
a time in which the challenges of human population
growth, environmental threats, economic interconnectedness,
and political instability appear to be moving
us forward at unprecedented, exponential rates. At the
same time, we are witness to a global economy that has
seen poverty throughout the world diminish (in relative
terms), incredible advances in medicine, technology,
and communications, and successful, large scale,
multi-national cooperative efforts. The future is a
paradox – terrifying, but at the same time holding
great promise.
I am sure that throughout history, when looking toward
the future, people have felt that they were living in an
unprecedented time of challenge, change, and ambiguity.
I believe, however, there is something fundamentally
different about today. The pace of change has begun to
hit the vertical portion of the exponential curve, and, in
our children’s lifetimes, the challenges now pose a real
threat to the existence of our species. (Notice I did not
say “all life on earth,” as we always can count on the rat
and the cockroach.)
I have to believe that any individual or group of
individuals who take on these daunting challenges
of the future must first possess an extraordinary
capacity to see possibilities in the face of ambiguity,
and, second, a powerful sense of personal agency. Our
mission promises that “Hawken School prepares students
to navigate a complex and dynamic world with selfconfidence
and determination, embrace challenges
with disciplined analysis and creativity and engage
27
others with empathy and integrity.” In short, it calls
for us to graduate students who are not daunted by the
world’s challenges and who are equipped to be effective
in the world. The promise of our efforts to move the
school back to our original progressive intent is not just
to provide students with terrific educational experiences
and to make them ready for college; it is also to send
them out into the world with the capability and moral
compass to make a difference that matters. Margaret
Mead put it much more succinctly: “Never doubt that
a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can
change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever
has.”
I am not trying to say that all of our students will change
the world. Perhaps most of them will only better some
small corner of the world, in a modest way, which
collectively will have an impact. And I certainly don’t
know which of our students will someday be among
that small group of future citizens who will change the
world. But if Margaret Mead is correct, I do know that
how we prepare our students now greatly increases the
chance that some of them will be among the group that
does change the world. I am also certain that whoever
helps this challenged planet benefit from mankind,
instead of suffering because of it, will be intellectually
skilled, unafraid of ambiguity, full of a sense of agency
and efficacy, and centered on the moral belief of a
shared humanity.
Our mission calls for us to help raise these children,
our students, to be those people. To do that, we have to
move Hawken School away from Henry Ford and back
toward John Dewey and his disciple, James Hawken.
Our cause is twofold: to give students authentic
experiences and practice in the real world to prepare
them for complexity; and to build their character so
they can become the next generation of thoughtful,
committed world citizens. Someone has to step up to
prepare the next generation of people who will tackle
these future challenges, and I believe Hawken must be
a leader in that effort. We should not only prepare our
students for this challenging world, but provide a model
for other schools to follow. Because Hawken is one
of the few schools that can do this work, Fair Play
dictates that we must.
D. Scott Looney was named Hawken’s 10th Head
of School in 2006. A DePauw University graduate and
an influential voice in the independent school arena,
he earned his master’s degree from Northwestern
University. Scott serves as a trustee and executive
committee member of the National Association of
Independent Schools, a trustee of the Global Online
Academy, and was formerly a trustee of the Ohio
Association of Independent Schools. He has served
on the faculty of the NAIS New Heads Institute and the
NAIS Financing Institute Faculty and the Crows Nest
Institute for Enrollment Management. He is also formerly
the Executive Director of the Midwest Boarding Schools
Association. He is a published author and frequent
lecturer on the affordability and demographic challenges
that face today’s independent schools.
Scott and his wife Leslie Short have two sons, Tyler ’15
and Zach ’17, who currently attend Hawken. Their oldest
son, Ryan ’12, is a Hawken graduate.
Endnotes:
i Ian Jukes, Frank S. Kelly, and Ted McCain. Teaching the Digital Generation: No More Cookie
Cutter High Schools. (Thousand Oaks: Corwin Press, 2009).
ii Sir Ken Robinson, “Changing Paradigms,” acceptance speech given at Royal Society for the
Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce for Benjamin Franklin Award Medal,
2008.
iii Cathy Davidson, “Now You See It: How the Future of Education Demands a Paradigm Shift”
(keynote speech at the National Association of Independent Schools Annual Conference,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, March 1, 2013).
iv Davidson, “Now You See It: How the Future of Education Demands a Paradigm Shift.”
v Alfie Kohn, Punished by Rewards: The Trouble with Gold Stars, Incentive Plans, Praise and
other Bribes (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1993).
vi “U. S. Catholic Elementary and Secondary Schools 2013-2014,” National Catholic Educational
Association, accessed May 20, 2014, http://ncea.org/store/detail.aspx?id=RES-55-1525.html.
vii Pat Bassett, “Strategy and Design for Schools of the Future: Four Essential Questions”
(presentation in Avon, Connecticut, June 2011).
viii Jean Orvis and Robert Witt, “A 21st Century Imperative. A Guide to Becoming a School
of the Future,” NAIS Commission on Accreditation Report (2012).
ix Robinson, “Changing Paradigms.”
x Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of the Optimal Experience, (New York:
Harper Perennial, 1991).
xi Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of the Optimal Experience.
xii Scott Jaschik, “Momentum for Non-Cognitive Review,” Inside Higher Ed (September 13, 2010).
xiii Jaschik, “Momentum for Non-Cognitive Review.”
xiv Jaschik, “Momentum for Non-Cognitive Review.”
xv Jaschik, “Momentum for Non-Cognitive Review.”
28 Hawken ReviewEmbed