I Know It (Type Of Way) Lyrics[Intro: Rich Homie Quan]
Rich Homie Quan
That's right, ho

[Pre-Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
My niggas been hustlin' trying to make him something
Ain't no telling what he'll do for the paper
Soufflé, I'm straight, I steak my plate
Sade, I'm a smooth operator

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
(I drop the top of my whip baby!)
That car I'm driving make you feel some type of way
That custom Breitling make you feel some type of way
This bitch I'm with got me feelin' some type a way
Is it because my homies rich you feel some type of way?
Some type of way, make you feel some type of way
Heard she wana fuck me, know you feel some type of way
Mr. CEO is what my title say
Me and my homies G'd your ho, he feel some typе of way
[Verse 1: Rich Homie Quan]
Okay, now let's be real I know you feel somе type of way
When I get to biting on her ear she make that Tyson face
I drop down to my knees thankful for life today
No naps just long sleep; hibernate
I can tell if he 12, right away
Go through hell cause I care, move you far away
Drop you off late, know he feel some type of way
I got hoes like golf trynna make what Tiger makes
I got a hide away, and I go there sometimes, to give my mind a break
I find a way, to still get through the struggle, what I'm tryna say
And I ain't lying today when I tell you that I love...

[Pre-Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
My niggas been hustlin' trying to make him something
Ain't no telling what he'll do for the paper
Soufflé, I'm straight, I steak my plate
Sade, I'm a smooth operator

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
(I drop the top of my whip baby!)
That car I'm driving make you feel some type of way
That custom Breitling make you feel some type of way
This bitch I'm with got me feelin' some type a way
Is it because my homies rich you feel some type of way?
Some type of way, make you feel some type of way
Heard she wana fuck me, know you feel some type of way
Mr. CEO is what my title say
Me and my homies G'd your ho, he feel some type of way
You might also like[Verse 2: Rich Homie Quan]
She got a Georgia peach on her rear end like a licence plate
No rookie, girl scout cookie got me high today
I probably make, more money in six months
Than what's in your papa's safe
Look like I robbed a bank
I set it off like Queen Latifah, cause I'm living single
I'm feeling cautious, I ain't scream when they served a subpoena
I heard that he the leader, come follow my tribe today
I fucked her now he heated, he feel some type of way
Don't know how to say, ain't the hardest man working?
Attention we pay, there's always a man lurking
No man perfect, but God
My head, I nod
Rich, homie, ugn...

[Pre-Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
My niggas been hustlin' trying to make him something
Ain't no telling what he'll do for the paper
Soufflé, I'm straight, I steak my plate
Sade, I'm a smooth operator

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
(I drop the top of my whip baby!)
That car I'm driving make you feel some type of way
That custom Breitling make you feel some type of way
This bitch I'm with got me feelin' some type a way
Is it because my homies rich you feel some type of way?
Some type of way, make you feel some type of way
Heard she wana fuck me, know you feel some type of way
Mr. CEO is what my title say
Me and my homies G'd your ho, he feel some type of way
[Verse 3: Queezy_the_Gangster]
Try to take my partner
This gon' push me harder
Tay, man, rest in peace
They all gonna see
You take my bro, make me feel some type of way
You took his life, Imma take yo life today
Take his heart away
Thank you Dre
Made that call for me
I know you had to say
That Tay's gone away
Quan tell 'em

[Pre-Chorus: Rich Homie Quan & Queezy_the_Gangster]
My niggas been hustlin' trying to make him something
Ain't no telling what he'll do for the paper (Rest in peace my dawg Tay)
Soufflé, I'm straight, I steak my plate
Sade, I'm a smooth operator

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
(I drop the top of my whip baby!)
That car I'm driving make you feel some type of way
That custom Breitling make you feel some type of way
This bitch I'm with got me feelin' some type a way
Is it because my homies rich you feel some type of way?
Some type of way, make you feel some type of way
Heard she wana fuck me, know you feel some type of way
Mr. CEO is what my title say
Me and my homies G'd your ho, he feel some type of way

[Verse 4: Kevin Gates]
South side, Baton Rouge
With a trap house in the N.O
I whip down, they whipped up
I whipped out the extendo
Got seven hoes, who’re bimbos
Might play shorts with Timbos
Got a thick sum’, she’s a dime piece
We’re on round six, she’s a nympho
Hear anything ‘bout a 100 Gang
I’m ‘a cash in from a flip phone
My nuts hang, get in the lane
Like a touchdown, no end zone
Pushing me, no Pusha T
Jump out the window with Clips on
Fits on, kicks on
Check Instagram, yo’ bitch gone

[Bridge: Kevin Gates]
She never made this kind of love
She feels some type of way
B.W.A., I’m a smooth operator
Ask me why I’ve got this raw
Then I might say precaution
Different thoughts, I'm hearing voices
Catch up if I lost you
On Instagram, they like my pictures, I’ve got women stalking
And I know killers, but on Twitter they don’t do no talking

[Verse 5: Kevin Gates]
Don’t rock wit’ you, won’t chop it wit’ you
You don’t even know what I'm thinking
Her other friend’s just another friend
I don’t need to know what you’re drinking
(Hell nah)
Retarded
Niggas ain’t loyal but might go to war for a chick with no morals
Shawty at Onyx, I told her, I promised
That if I get time I might call her tomorrow
(What the fuck?)
Ain’t shot marbles, I'm not talking
I'm looking stupid, I’m mugging
I fell in this bitch by myself
Won't smoke wit’ yuh, like fuck yuh
Magic city for the lemon chicken
Don’t fuck with none of these devils (?)
Wake up with you, break up with you
Won’t even feed ‘em no breakfast
(Go ahead!)

[Verse 6: Jeezy]
Cut the tens (Yeah), fold the twenties (Yeah)
Stack the fifties (Yeah), stack the hundreds (Yeah)
Real talk, on God, getting paper (It's Tha World, nigga)
The bullshit gon' stop (Yeah)
When my new album drop (Yeah, what's up?)
On God, silence all of you haters (Let's go!)
My life's a video, I change clothes 'bout three times a day (Damn)
Jackie Robinson, I might just ball my life away (Haha)
You know I'm feeling like a star
It's a Givenchy day (Given'! Yeah)
She got the Halle Berry face
And that Ashanti waist (Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go!)
They like, "Jizzle, why they hating?"
They feel some type of way (Some type of way)
When you the shit, gon' be some flies
I just might need the spray (Raid, nigga)
They wanna kill me in my sleep
Just like I'm Mike, okay (I'm Mike, okay)
They didn't learn that night
You best believe they learned today (That's right)
Funny niggas, Kevin Hart (Kevin Hart)
I don't pay 'em no mind (Nah)
I went to save me the translator (Translator)
I don't talk, niggas, I'm down (Yeah)
Assassinate my character
You fuck-niggas should get fined for that (Fined for that)
Fuck you and your feelings, nigga
Ain't nobody got time for that ()
Haha! Yeah

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
Some type of way, make you feel some type of way
Heard she wana fuck me, know you feel some type of way
Mr. CEO is what my title say (Rich Homie, baby)
Me and my homies G'd your ho, he feel some type of way

[Verse 7: Rich Homie Quan]
Okay, "Some Type of Way," it made the Billboard, Mama (It did, Mama)
I know you feel some type of way about my come-up (I know you do)
I told her in the nicest way I ain't want her number (Get back)
My nigga Drake said "Some Type of Way" the hit of the summer
My pistol still busting, I don't care 'bout nothing
Won't remember none of this shit when I wake up (I won't remember)
That Percocet on my ass (Ha), and I done had a couple Xan (Ah)
My eyelids bout to close, I'm tryna stay up
(I'm still reppin' my clique baby!)
Rich Homie forever ho, I gotta stay (I do)
Name another superhero with a flyer cape (Where he at?)
You sold your soul for some money
That's the price you pay (You dumb, nigga)
Three shows a night, that's a 60K-type of day (Get Money)
S-M-H, L-O-L, ha, smiley face (hahaha)
First class, R. Kelly, 'bout to fly away (Let's go!)
And I still got that hideaway, that my private place (Rich Homie)
I know you feel some type of way about my...

[Pre-Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
Nigga's been hustlin' trying to make him something
Ain't no telling what he'll do for the paper (Ain't no telling!)
Soufflé I'm straight, I stay in my place
Sade, I'm a smooth operator

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
(I drop the top of my whip baby!)
That car I'm driving make you feel some type of way
That custom Breitling make you feel some type of way (I'm shining, ho)
This bitch I'm with got me feelin' some type a way (Okay, okay)
Is it 'cause my homies rich you feel some type of way?

[Verse 8: Meek Mill]
Okay, I popped a nigga chick (Okay)
And he feel some type of way (He do)
Started talking dirty about me (Talking dirty)
Popped up dead right away (Like, brr-r-rt!)
Sixteen to his body (He gone)
Twice in the head by the K
And I dont fuck with no new niggas (No, no)
If they ain't from around the way (Turn up!)
So my niggas, my niggas don't rock like that
'Til my young nigga Snupe got popped like that
(Got dropped like that) I got guap like that
Nigga, throw a shot here, get shot right back
Like, BOW! 'Rari, let the top go back (Skrt!)
You ain't even know it, like Rocko back
Getting to the money selling soft and the hard
[?]worried where the top goes at, oh Lord!
Niggas selling 'caine over here
All-black Range, Mulsanne over here
All these niggas sell things over there
It's a drought, my nigga, make it rain over here
Voilà! Voilà!
Respect the connect, the Wi-Fi
With birdy, we playing bye-bye
You fuck around, get clapped, nigga—high-five, 'cause my...

[Pre-Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
My niggas been hustlin' trying to make him something
Ain't no telling what he'll do for the paper
Soufflé
I'm straight, I steak my plate
Sade, I'm a smooth operator

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
(I drop the top of my whip baby!)
That car I'm driving make you feel some type of way
That custom Breitling make you feel some type of way
This bitch I'm with got me feelin' some type a way
Is it because my homies rich you feel some type of way?
Some type of way, make you feel some type of way
Heard she wana fuck me, know you feel some type of way
Mr. CEO is what my title say
Me and my homies G'd your ho, he feel some type of way

[Verse 10: Ludacris]
I give yo girl a dose of this and now the bitch won’t leave me alone
Got pictures of her bustin' it
Wide open all on my mobile phone
She come straight to my house and don’t say shit
She just get in bed
I 15 second Instragram'd the video of that bitch givin' me head
Steady overdosin, we tokin on the best sativa plants
We done smoke that loud
Our shit screamin like Justin Bieber fans
Tried to tell 'em I was born to get high
You would think my daddy Snoop
Yall couldn’t get high if CP3 threw you the alley-oop
I crossover you fake hoes
Fat as hell, I’m in cake mode
Too overweight, lift up my shirt and look at all of these bankrolls
Tell the waitress just to keep them bottles coming
Tell the DJ to play this
Red pill, blue pill, bitch I’m all in the Matrix
I drink a 5th of that straight up
Cars and houses all paid up
My women bodies aren’t real
Yo women bodies are made up
In a way you’ll catch me drinkin' on the Lear
Drop the bottle and twist the cap and all you haters that ain’t here
Feel some type of way, nigga

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
My niggas been stuntin' since way back when
CNN, I got news for you haters
I'm a nasty ass nigga, ask your bitch, I ain't lying
69, that's a favor for a favor
Them hoes bitin' they lip, cause when I say shit like that she feel some type of way
I hit it from the front, from the side, from the back, I hit it all type of ways
She throw it at me like I'm just one strike away
Sometimes life is hard to swallow, but she like to taste
Ding-ding-ding-ding-ding my lawyer fight the case
I got them flowers in me, I feel like a vase
Monsters in my closet no more closet space
Niggas want to be this fly, too many flights to take

[Verse 11: Lil Wayne]
Enough with the small talk, my girl pussy is a water-park
Every little thing I do turn her on; that's autostart
I kiss every single body part, her body is a work of art
I'm way too high, her skirt too short
I think I love her, it was just a THOT
I pop up in that coupe 'bout to go back to the future
And she said, "Tune, not in my mouth," damn you should've said it sooner
I be shittin' on these niggas, like I'm sippin' Metamucil
And we smokin' on that gas, pass it like "excuse you"
And it's 6-6-2's Piru all day, my nigga
Before these niggas play with us, they'll play dead, my nigga
And if you lookin' for me, I'll be on these bitches' mind
These niggas chicken and I've never seen a chicken fly
My bitch been fussin' at me about nothin'
Ain't no tellin' what she'd do if I replace her
Like bae, I'm straight, there's plenty fish and I'm bait
We can't even have a decent conversation

[Verse 12: Lil Wayne]
I pop the seal on my sip and she be like, "See, you gon' drink your life away"
Bitch it's my life, my life, my life shout out Mary J
And tell them boys that beef tastes like a slice of cake
And old folks get shot too, they write down license plates
I hope that ho don't call sayin' her cycle late
All this fucking gotta stop, but I need tighter brakes
And don't run from this dick girl, I don't like to chase
I wax that ass, she make that Mr. Miyagi face
And she ain't all that pretty, but I like her shape
They say numbers don't lie, she shaped like a 8
She say she ain't no dyke, but she gon' dyke today
It's curtains for these niggas I feel like some drapes
We turnt up niggas, burnt up, stop the microwave
This shit might cost us our life, but that's the price we pay
I'm hotter than the peppers Peter Piper ate
This that Dedication 5, whattup 5?

[Verse 13: T.I.]
Ay Tune' I gotta turn up on the D5 man!
Hustle Gang, bang, green mean, anybody get it
Anything we'll do for the paper
And we live this shit, talk slick get kill't
Got nothin' but a tool for a hater (Spent 100K on my wrist nigga!)
This flooded rollie make you feel some type of way (I know it do!)
Your ho be on me, know you feel some type of way (I take your ho!)
The car I'm drivin' make you feel some type of way (They can't afford this nigga!)
The cash I gettin' make you feel some type of way (Bankrolls-R-Us!)
This type of way, know you feel some type of way (Hustle Gang my nigga!)
That shit ain't hot, we out here poppin' that's all I can say (G.D.O.D!)
My only problem is tryin' to decide what I'mma drive today (Hustle Gang my nigga!)
We shine all in they face, I know they feel some type of way
I wake up in a multi-million dollar crib get dressed I plan on having a nicer day
When these punk ass rappers keep my name in they mouth, like they some type of gay
You know me dog, so watch what you say (You better watch your mouth!)
We ain't playing no games with your lame ass nigga, fuckboy you can die today (I swear you can!)
I keep a chopper in my backseat, actually it's my Glock partner (My Glock, partner!)
Play crazy if you want to, fuck around and get shot partner (Get shot partner!)
I don't like these niggas, and really fuck these niggas
Talk crazy in ya raps if you want, when you see me you won't touch me nigga! (Won't touch me niggas!)
Ball all around in my flip flop, you think TIP soft? Well then why don’t you try me
If you really gon' be dramatic, we gon' to need some music, they queuein' the violin
I'm talking slow singing, flower bringing
Empty a clip in you earing, and you chest thing, and you out the door
This flooded rollie make you feel some type of way (I know it do!)
Your ho be on me, know you feel some type of way (I take your ho!)
The car I’m driving make you feel some type of way (They can’t afford this nigga!)
The cash I get it make you feel some type of way (Bankrolls-R-Us!)

[Outro: Rich Homie Quan]
I know you do
Don't look like that
Thank you Lord
Let's go, let's go!Embed