Mirage Lyrics[Intro: Chris Brown]
Yikes!
Haha, where we at with it?
Help me out
Haha
Bounce
Yeah
Like some potions, ain't you been good with that?
Hahaha

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Eyes must be wide shut
Liquor got you open, closin' your blinders
Just in case you need a friendly reminder
Let me take this bullet, bullet out my head (Ow!)
Change your body, need a visor
Car too big, but fuck it, don't need a driver (Nah)
All me want is a girl who be a rider (Yeah)
Can't believe she pull it, pull it
Nigga gun, gun down
[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
But she want me to hold her, hold her down (Haha)
Sorry boo-boo, you gets no love, no love now (No love, no love)
Must be cuckoo, got me fucked up (Haha), fucked up, wow (Got me fucked up)
You know a nigga ain't gon' hold ya, hold ya down

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm a mirage
Ha, fuck I look like?
I'm a mirage (Haha), haha
What the fuck I look like? (Yikes!)
It's all in your mind, your mind
Fuck I look like?
Open your eyes, you're blind
What the fuck I look like?

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Yeah, girl, your mind should apologize to ya
Keep on tellin' all of those crazy lies to ya
You believe 'em all, don't wanna accept the truth
Who the fuck you kiddin', kiddin'? What's the use?
Sad to see you playin' the fool
You don't know half the shit that a nigga been through
I guess you got your reward, reward for it (Ha, yeah)
You actin' like you don't need me, babe
You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
But she want me to hold her, hold her down (Got me fucked up, babe)
Sorry boo-boo, you gets no love, no love now (Hahaha, yeah)
Must be cuckoo, got me fucked up, fucked up, wow (Blame my bottle)
You know a nigga ain't gon' hold ya, hold ya down
Haha, excuse my French, but (Ha)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm a mirage
Ha, fuck I look like? (You can't see me)
I'm a mirage (Haha, look)
What the fuck I look like?
It's all in your mind, your mind (What?)
Fuck I look like?
Open your eyes, you're blind (You got me fucked up)
What the fuck I look like?

[Verse 3: Nas]
Yeah, you lookin' for love, and I'm the one you imagine
With athlete money from just rappin'
My body wrapped in some Valentino, Loro Piana fashion
Sex with passion, romancin', laughin'
Happiness, action, restaurants, relaxin'
They got some good sushi in Aspen, that good pussy I'm smashin'
I call you Matsuhisa, yeah, I'm your Visa
American Express, I must confess
I'm tryna go beyond love and this is hard to translate
Love is good, but to me, good is just the enemy of great
You wanna make it to the top, but you don't got what it take
To be a model, actress, singer, stripper
Want me to help you to become a star, you was my sister
You was my soldier, damn, I used to miss ya, uh
I used to love ya, I fiend to hold ya
You didn't know me, it was only just a mirage
[Chorus: Chris Brown, Nas]
A mirage (Mirage)
(Uh, you didn't know me, it was only just a mirage)
Ha, fuck I look like?
I'm a mirage
(Mirage, you know Nas)
What the fuck I look like? (Yeah)
It's all in your mind, your mind
Fuck I look like?
Open your eyes, you're blind (Do it, baby)
What the fuck I look like? (Yeah)

[Outro: Chris Brown]
Right
What the fuck I look like? (I look like)
Fucked up
What the fuck I look like? (I look like)20Embed