Half Man Half Machine Lyrics[Intro]
Eggsie: Adam, do you read me? Over. I am going down the shop to buy 10 fags, do you need a drink or some crisps?
Blanco: You fuckin' can't go down the shop like that man, you got fuckin' tin foil wrapped round your head
E: Its not tin foil, it's my new skin. I am a robot, I have interfaced with my spectrum. Behold!
B: You're fuckin' nuts man. Stop talkin' like that!
E: What do you mean? It is my normal voice! My computer integrated voice circuit is making me speak like this!
B: Stop talkin' like that ya fuckin' bellend!
E: I am a robot! I am a robot! A haaa! Ha ha ha ha!!
B: Fuckin' inject him man, inject him. Fuckin' calm him down oh fuckin' hell

[Verse 1]
Binatone Spectrum, Pacman, Commodore
ZX-81, donkey kong, fucking high score
Push it to the limit, couldn't push it any more
Wanna be a fucking robot after smoking loads of draw
Bought a speak and spell, stuck it to my chest
And wraps some fucking tin foil to my head and to my vest
Walking down the street, my next door neighbours not impressed
I'm a robot and buying ten fags is my quest
[Verse 2]
Eggsie's gone too far, he thinks he's robocop
He's covered in tinfoil and he's got matching metal socks
We tried to sedate him but he fucking escaped
The man robot myth starts to escalate
He tries to sell himself standing in Curry's
But if the police turn up, he runs in a fucking hurry
He tries to plug himself in the mains with his nob
And when he's fully recharged he goes out on the rob

[Hook]
Half man, half machine
What does it mean?
What does it mean?
Half man, half machine
What does it mean?
What does it mean?

[Verse 3]
Being a robot in my digital domain
Enter my world, feel my pain
I'm not like other people you might see or you might know
I made love to a BBC micro
Touching on the disk drive, the monitor got hot
I knew from then, I was a motherfucking robot
Bill Gates from Microsoft
Stephen Hawking's voice and fucking Lara Croft
I built a lab, secret in my loft
And built a special costume that would help me to jack off
I sat there in front of the screen
For many years, this had been my wet dream
Now I've reached it, I'm finally there
Like terminator being filmed in Aberdare
So alone, when people stop and stare
Like C3PO but with pubes and hair
You might also likeRobot Love
Robot
Robotic Breakdancing
Robot

[Verse 4]
The doctors found a nut
They said he was an headcase
'Cos he sticks silver and cans on his face
Sucking off antennas and trying to fuck the fridge
And burnt his pubic wig, with the high voltage

I am a robot
My prime directive is to's go to's the shops
And buy's ten fags
Do's you's compute?

[Verse 5]
He wants to buy ten fags, his destination is the shop
A tinfoil suit and a hat like Robocop
If your ask him then he'll do a body-pop
Like terminator, yeah he just won't stop
Put electical cable down through the eye of his cock
Plugged it in the wall and gave himself a big shock
The reason that he did it wasn't to give himself pain
Watching Terminator over again and again
Fuck man, get him, fucking restrain him man
Get him fucking, fucking get him down man
Inject him man, get him down
He's fucking nuts spa and he's losing it
Help me man, just get him fucking....

[Hook] x 3Embed