TranslationsTürkçeDear God Lyrics[Intro]
I just want to make this clear (Listen)
I am a believer
But sometimes it gets hard (Listen)
My name is Dax (Dear God)

[Verse 1]
Dear God
There's a lot of questions that I have about the past (Can you hear me?)
And I don't want hear it from a human, you made it
So you're the last person that I'm ever gonna ask
Tell me what's real, tell me what's fake
Why is everything about you a debate? (Why?)
What's the point of love?
Every time I've showed it I was broken and it's forced me just to only wanna hate
Why's there only one you but multiple religions? (Why?)
Why does every conversation end in a division? (Why?)
Why does everybody want to tell us how to live
But they won't listen to the same damn message that they givin'? (Fuck them)
Tell me how to feel, tell me what's wrong
I tried to call, pick up the phone (Pick up)
I'm on my own
Everybody said you comin' back, then man why the hell's it takin' so long?
[Verse 2]
Why do I hurt? (Why?) Why is there pain?
Why does everything good always have to change? (Why)
Why does everybody try to profit off another man's work
Then destroy it just for monetary gain?
Tell me are you black or are you white?
I don't even really care I just really want to know what's right (I don't care)
They been sayin' one thing but I've been lookin' in the book
And it seems like they've been lyin' for my whole damn life
Tell me where I'm goin' (Where?) Is it heaven or hell?
I just hope this message greets you well
Had a dream that I was walkin' with the devil, don't remember how it feels
But I swear that I remember the smell
Looked me right into my eye and told me everything I wanted could be mine
If I gave up and decided to sell
But I said I'd rather die then get mine, now I'm here
No fear, one man with a story to tell

[Verse 3]
Dear God, where were you when I needed it? When I fucked up and repeated it?
When they set the bar and I exceeded it? (Where were you?)
My life is like a book that they've been judgin' by a cover
But have never took the time to fuckin' read the shit (Fuck)
I remember tellin' you my goals and my dreams
But you didn't even answer, so I guess you didn't believe in it
I remember sittin' with a gun to my head tryna ask you for some help
But I guess you didn't believe in it
I don't want religion, I need that spirituality
I don't want a church, I need people to call a family
I don't wanna tell my sins to another sinner
Just because he's got a robe and he went to some academy
I don't wanna read it in a book, I wanna hear it from you
Don't wanna learn it in my school because they hidin' the truth (Swear)
Don't wanna talk about it to another fuckin' human being
And that's only reason that I even stepped in this booth
You might also like[Verse 4]
Dear God
How do I take this darkness and turn it into light? (Talk to me)
How do believe in a concept where I speak to a man
I've never seen with my own two eyes? (How?)
How do I know that religion wasn't made
Just to separate the world and create a whole disguise
Just to keep us in these chains while the rich get richer
And the poor pray to you and perpetuate a lie?
How do I know this ain't some big joke? (How?)
How can I have faith when there is no hope? (How?)
How the hell does one man have 100 billion dollars
And we still have people on the street that are broke?
There's a lot of things I wanna talk about and get off my chest
I can't sleep 'cause the devil won't let me rest
I used to know a fuckin' pastor in a church
And I can still hear the screams of the kids he would fuckin' molest

[Verse 5]
Dear God
Do you hear me? (Do you hear me?)
I'm supposed to fear you but you ain't said shit
So maybe it's you who actually fears me?
I don't know the answer, I just want to see it clearly
So many lies there's a 1000 different theories
All I want to know is who really made religion
'Cause I know it wasn't you but don't nobody believe me
No more lies, no more death
Bring back King, bring back X
Please dear God let their souls rest
Protect who's left and watch their steps
Dear God (Dear God)
I don't want to have to ask you again
I just hope that you know that I'm still a believer
So I'll end this all by sayin' amen
(It's Dax)29Embed