Genius UK Biweekly Update #3 Lyrics📅 Date: April 1 - April 15:

Hey all! It's April Fools, and I have absolutely no prank to play on anyone, but that doesn't stop me from dropping this update. Music's been coming like Pompey fans towards Wembley Stadium to watch the Checkatrade Trophy final (go watch the highlights), so let's get into it!NewsThis isn't necessarily related to UK music, but I have to say this - RIP Nipsey Hussle. On top of being a great rapper, he was also generally just a good person, and he was taken way too soon. RIP a legend.

Moving on from that slightly saddening subject to something different, Hertfordshire rock band The Zombies have been inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, 25 years after their debut release! Their journey began in April 1961 when the original five met up in a pub to go and rehearse. Now their name is among some of the most influential rockers in the world, like Elvis Presley, James Brown and Fats Domino, to name a few.

Meanwhile, Little Simz, who dropped her Album of the Year contender GREY Area earlier this year, is coming for the throne, as she said to BBC Music:I'm not gonna lie, I'm really happy it's been getting all the love it GREY Area has [...] I feel like my talent has been suppressed in some sort of way. I've got all these odds against me, but when it comes down to it, I am actually very good at what I do. (Click the annotation for more excerpts and a link).ProjectsUK Slang DictionaryDon't hesitate to contribute this awesome project started by @Madbrad200 - it's got a ton of entries, but there are some undefined words. Please just have a look, as you could find that there is an undefined term that you know the meaning of!CleanupsCadet CleanupOcean WisdomWiley CleanupNew ReleasesAlbumsNew albums this week include Unkle's The Road: Part II / Lost Highway, as well as NOW!'s 100 Hit Power Ballads. For more, check the 2019 UK Albums Release Calendar!SinglesBecky Hill - I Could Get Used To This
YONAKA - Lose Our Heads
Sigma - Here We Go Again
Folly Rae - Full Stop
Georgia - About Work The Dancefloor - Edit
LAOISE - Mad
Westlife - Better Man
MIST - Can't Stop Clocks
Blithe - Smoke & Kisses
Gabrielle Aplin - Nothing Really Matters
Armin van Buuren - Don't Give Up On Me
Col3trane - Superpowers (with GoldLink)
Lena - sex in the morning
Diplo - Hold You Tight
Gryffin - All You Need To Know (feat. Calle Lehmann)
Etta Bond - More Than a Lover (feat. SiR)
Rhys Lewis - End Like This
Richard Fairlie - Shelter
DallasK - Sometimes (feat. XYLØ)
Emotional Oranges - Built That Way
Sophia Messa - moneydontfixlonely
Catz 'n Dogz - Would You Believe
Olivia O'Brien - Just Friends
iLL BLU - Go Time (feat. Ay Em, Geko, ZieZie & C. Tangana)
Alle Farben - Walk Away
Callum Beattie - Connection
Izzy Bizu - Lights On
HONNE - Crying Over You ◐ (feat. RM & BEKA)
Sky Ferreira - Downhill Lullaby
Dillon Francis - Change Your Mind
The Faim - Amelie
Phoebe Green - Dreaming Of
Richard Walters - I Won't
Joseph Marcus - Water
OhHeyMy - Pressing Rewind
Kornél Kovács - Marathon
ROSALÍA - Con Altura
Thomas Rhett - That Old Truck
VanIves - Float
Whethan - Win You Over (feat. Soak)
black midi - Crow's Perch
Ama - How I Do
All Tvvins - In The Dark
James Smith - Hailey
Bibio - Old Graffiti
Lauren Aquilina - Tobacco In My Sheets
Dr Vades - Ringtone (with Blanco feat. Chip, Loski & LD) - Remix
APRE - Falling Apart Like
Isaac Dunbar - pharmacy
Orchards - Young
slowthai - Gorgeous
Zach Said - Blessings
Cassia - Replica
Liimo - Get Weird
Just Banco - Codeine on the Rocks
P Money - Shook
Big Zuu - Say No
Tamu Massif - Little Death
Huxley - Evolution
JAY1 - Your Mrs
Skengdo - No Doubt
M Huncho - Ocho Cinco
S.P.Y - Open Your Eyes
Blue Americans - Sunchaser
Anti Up - Concentrate
Interpol - The WeekendEmbed