Battle Hymn Lyrics[Intro: Vinnie Paz]
Hahahaha... (Hahahaha...)
Yeah, motherfukers! We back again!
Pharaoh clique motherfucker!
Jus Allah! King Syze! Blacastan! Apathy!
Outerspace! 7L, ES! Vinnie P! Celph Titled!
Yeah, baby!

[Verse 1: Apathy]
I travel underground like The Goonies with a bag full of uzis
Emergin' in a corner store where Arabs sell loosies
My banger's on the waist, I never wave it around
But I always chamber a round when there's strangers around
Set my phaser to kill, my force field is on max
Never relax, study the facts and stockpile gats
'Cause the sky's about to bleed blood out from the clouds
There's gas mask's in my backpacks when walkin' through crowds
The post-apocalyptic, optic fitted with bionic circuitry
Surgically planted perfectly, no way to word it verbally
But extrasensory perception got me detectin'
Any cop or detective, intercept 'em and stop 'em with weapons
[Verse 2: King Syze (Vinnie Paz)]
King Syze, Vinnie Paz, we like Animal Hawk
Grammatical master for art, Heavy Metal we smashin' your thoughts
We upper level, you rappers are technicians
Undergraduates I gotta doctorate when it comes to rippin'
Scientific, I was spawned from a different species
And if uh you beat me, you gon’ fight me every time you see me
(It’s never over) Fuck, Syze is King Cobra
I’m brushin' off my shoulders, spittin' lethal plus we takin' over
I’m gettin' older so I live by the new slogan
That Philly shit the barrel smoke will leave your head open
IIt’s open season on any rapper who want to beef with
The Army of the Pharaohs, yeah man we’ll bring the seasonin'

[Verse 3: Crypt the Warchild]
Don't hit me with the drama, don't approach me 'bout no BI
'Cause I'm a Pharaoh king, and y'all ain't worthy of a reply
Bodies I have caught decomposin' on the seaside
Catch me river dancin' through the bloody waters, knee-high
Mind state is cutthroat, can't walk around deprived
My team shut it down, any access will be denied
Crown Royal status Puerto-Ricans, that's how we ride
Nocturnal souls mesmerized by the streetlights
One shot at glory, game will never give you three tries
For the haters I've murked, they would love to see me die
Acid trippin' vision, everything look hi-defi'
Drugs, money, liquor, only things that get me by
You might also like[Bridge 1: Vinnie Paz]
Hahaha! Yeah!
Raw rap! The hardcore shit! '94 shit!
Shoot the fuckin' place up!

[Verse 4: Jus Allah]
I got a lotta hate, I gotta learn to love, stop the date
But some days I would rather murder than populate
Either way, I gotta open up the cosmic gates
Who knows what the future holds, gotta watch and wait
I can't function clear, keep a ton of guns and beer
I never sweat it, I get arrested like once a year
My gun big as two guns, you should cover your ears
Believe half of what you see and nothin' you hear
Nobody listens, I got a lot of ground to cover
Bullets go in one ear and out the other
Tuck the weapon in, kick his face in
The blood pool like give him a taste of his own medicine

[Verse 5: Esoteric]
Impeach the president, I’m pullin' out my ray-gun
Chuck D’s greatest line and y'all ain’t even thank him
Y'all ain’t on my radar, horrible like Hagar
Mos Eisley flow, beats bangin' on the space bar
Haters get mad, start bangin' on the spacebar
Flip over their desk, gotta take it up with HR
Your bitch give Bad Brains, like she work for HR
I be where the rays are, you wonder what the weights are
I’m a cannibal, you cats wonder where the plates are
I know that I’m immortal while you wonder where the gates are
I Cold Crush your Brother like Grandmaster Caz
Paz work with the .45 like Lakim Shabazz
[Verse 6: Blacastan]
I’m from the East Coast nigga, but I’m still loc'ed out
I grew up inside the crack-house, my moms was smoked out
You know the kid with the bummy kicks, holes in his jeans
Same shirt, chilling on some bummy shit
Yeah, that was me though, attracted to the metal like Magneto
Sneakers started talkin' like, ay bandito
Got my own never borrowed or begged for shit
Now it's on 'cause I'm rollin' with the Pharaohs legit
I'm tired of rappers always rhymin' that bullshit
Catch at you at your CD signin', with a full clip
Now, how you feel about the Pharaohs and the Demigodz? (They don't)
That’s what I thought nigga... because we large and in charge

[Bridge 2: Vinnie Paz]
Kings of the motherfuckin' underground!
Y'all don't want it with us!
We punchin' y'all in the fuckin' face laughin' at y'all!
Hahaha (Hahaha)

[Verse 7: Celph Titled]
Keep shooters on staff, move and they blast (Blah!)
Refugees that came on an inner tube with a gat
Rubix Cuban code name (Uh!), but you will respect the handle
Spend checks on Windex, so I shine the chrome enamel
I throw hands with the devil, so ain't much to fear after
Bitches cry over me (Why?), I'm a top tier rapper
American Idol with a wet wipe (What!) for you Desperate Housewives
Firecracker go off (*bang*) from my brick, the whole house white
And I will outright, say that you soft
Out-write your favorite writer that you base your style off of (Bitch!)
I'll let the Tec blast in ya, if the check cash
Send the shells, give you a turtle-face, make your back Splinter

[Verse 8: Planetary]
With the semi-automatic, sippin' Henny in the attic
Spittin' heavy with the God of the Serengeti blasted (What up?)
Fasted, ‘till I downloaded the attachment
The hunger came back, and I’m eatin' like a savage
Walking through the labyrinth, imaginin' it’s Nazareth
Throwin' more stones at the throne, lone catalyst
Puff puff pass it, that ain't ever been me
Only had the urge to annihilate the emcee
Used to ride the ten-speed and copped the top ten sneaks
Never thought I’d be in Budapest counting 10 Gs (shit)
But it all makes sense to me
Pharaoh Clique sick man we thick more than ten feet

[Verse 9: Vinnie Paz]
If I ain’t heard of y'all rappers then you gotta be soft
That’s the reason why I talk about the bodies I caught
Bodies in North... New Haven down to New York
If it’s a fight that's put in front of me, it’s gotta be fought
They got me in court for carryin' the burner on the waist
My lawyer is an animal, he murderin' the case
Boombox hardbody murderin' the tape
I'll take your fuckin' heart like a burglar on a date
I’m magic with the four-fifth, perfect with the eight
I lavish with the lyricals, superlatives is great
Mash a muh'fucker out, tourniquet his face
Jheri-head rappers ain’t assertive as the great, yeah!

[Outro: Vinnie Paz]
Kings of the motherfuckin' underground!
Y'all understand that?
Y'all don't want it with us!

Hardbody shit! Official Pistol!
A-O-T-P! It's the God of the Serengeti!
I'm the God of the Seven Deadly!
Hahahaha! (Hahahaha!)

Hardbody rap!
Tons of guns!
Sucker rapper!
Hahahaha! (Hahahaha...)13Embed