Episode 133 - Antifap feat. Shuja Haider Lyrics00:00 WILL: Hello friends, it's your mid-week Chapo. Coming a little later in the week than usual, but I hope you can forgive us.

00:09 MATT: You better fucking forgive us, get over it.

00:13 FELIX: You are disgusting fucking hogs. If you look at it proportionally, only about 2% of you showed up in Chicago for our two shows. Fuck you that you would even try to make demands. Die.

00:26 WILL: Guys, guys, this week is all about solidarity, okay? 

00:30 FELIX: Solidarity against our listeners.

00:34 WILL: Let's do the roll call. It's me Will Menaker. Joining me this week, Felix Biederman.
00:37 FELIX: Hello everyone.

00:39 WILL: Matt Christman.

00:40 MATT: Hi.

00:41 MATT: Virgil Texas.

00:42 VIRGIL: Hello, how are you.

00:44 WILL: And sitting in as our guest, our friend Shuja Haider.

00:48 SHUJA: That's me, I'm glad to be back.

00:51 WILL: This week's episode... We've got a lot to talk about, a lot that's happening. There's some fire that needs to be spit. And of course I'm talking about the events that happened in Charlottesville over the weekend. We didn't get a chance to address them, and I think it's probably good that we allowed for some time for things to cool down and have people reflect. But there's obviously still—

01:15 SHUJA: Well we needed to wait to get the President's reaction, so that we could take our cues for how to understand it...

01:22 VIRGIL: Well we're committed to hearing from both sides before we make a decision...

01:24 SHUJA: There's many sides.

01:26 VIRGIL: We don't want to put our chips down right away.

01:27 SHUJA: Exactly.
01:28 FELIX: I was waiting for Scott Adams's comments.

01:32 SHUJA: He's got a whole side to himself.

01:33 WILL: We were gonna spend the whole episode just blasting Trump for basically his open support of White Supremacy, but he condemned all that. Like he clearly condemned the Nazis and the KKK, but also stood up for many of the fine statue enthusiasts who were marching along with them and were attacked for no reason. We're joking, but what happened in Charlottesville was obviously awful and unspeakable, but looking back on it, I want to talk about it. Shuja, we're having you on because you wrote an article that came out in Jacobin this week, right after this happened. I remember I was talking to you about it over the weekend and you said you just couldn't sleep that night, was it Saturday night?

02:20 SHUJA: It was Saturday, I was spending the whole day just being fuckin online in the worst way, I was tracking every terrible thing that was goin on.

02:28 VIRGIL: There's no good way to be online.

02:29 SHUJA: There's no good way but there's worse ways and this was one of the worst. And just by the end of the day, couldn't sleep, thought about it all night, woke up and I wrote this piece. It wasn't just about what happened but it was about the way that people talked about what was happening. And the way that people were talking about the activists who showed up to face the Nazis even before it had happened. Some of the shit I recounted in this article started like a couple of days beforehand, when people were already doing some "many sides" shit that Trump picked right up on.

03:11 WILL: And what was great about this article is that you wrote it before Trump's bizarre press conference at Trump Tower, where, among other things, he used the phrase "Alt-Left" to describe the instigators, in his mind, of violence in Charlottesville. Which is brilliant on a number of levels, because "Alt-Left" has now become a term exactly like "Fake News."

03:39 SHUJA: Right.

03:40 WILL: I described it as passing through the same human centipede. And the end of that human centipede is just shitting into all of our mouths. But like, the people who created the term "Alt-Left" are exactly the same people who created the term "Fake News."

03:54 SHUJA: It's #TheResistance.

03:58 FELIX: Trump is both in shape and ability like the Nintendo character Kirby. Anything that the libs throw at him he inhales in his wide mouth while gesticulating wildly. Anything that anyone throws at him. If he goes to Saudi Arabia he becomes a Wahabist. If he talks to Hu Jintao he believes in the Chinese method.

04:18 SHUJA: And it only just inflates him.

04:19 FELIX: Yeah...
04:19 SHUJA: Just like Kirby.

04:21 FELIX: And when the liberals say "Fake News/Alternative Facts/Covfefe/Alt-Left" he can deploy it with his tactical mastery of screaming through holes in his brain at a press conference and turn everything back around on them.

04:37 WILL: We should be clear about what happened though, right? Okay, there was this huge "Unite The Right" rally, which was this very well planned and well organized event—

04:49 VIRGIL: For them.

04:49 WILL: Yeah, for them — that was put on by Neo-Nazis. White Supremacists, the Alt-Right, whatever the fuck you wanna call them.

04:57 VIRGIL: Some Proud Boys, I think a few Three Percenters, those militia-types.

05:02 WILL: Whatever. I mean, this was unambiguously an open, organized display of fascism on the streets of America. And there were counter-protesters, brave people who wanted to stand up and have some kind of pushback against this. And here's the thing, it turned violent and a woman was killed when, I'm sure as you all know, one of these assholes just drove a car into a crowd full of people. Heather Heyer.

05:35 MATT: A fucking Central Casting failson. A guy who hits every fucking checkmark on who these assholes are. Fucking washed out of the army, couldn't hack bootcamp, which now, in the 21st century, is basically like Family Double Dare. Then went back home to live with his mom, who he beat up because she tried to stop him from gaming all the time. These guys, their response when you make these jokes is 'wow, very original,' it's impossible to not talk about this because that's what you fucking are. You are people whose brains have been broken by living in your parents' fucking basement, not getting laid and feeling like you should be in charge of the world, never getting blown by a fucking, what the hell, Tombraider.

06:27 SHUJA: Yeah there was this story somewhere that said that that guy was widely known as the Nazi of his high school? It's like, how long does it take for people to figure this shit out?

06:38 FELIX: They should get rid of that position on JV football teams...

06:38 SHUJA: Honestly. It's been long enough.

06:40 FELIX: But yeah, if you were gonna write a Muad'Dib character for like just worthless lumps of Nazi shit who embody every characteristic of their movement, it would be this guy. He's the chosen one in every way.

06:56 SHUJA: He's in his yearbook, most likely to turn up at a Nazi rally and murder someone.

06:59 WILL: And here's the thing. If you saw these images of their like torch-lit parade, or any of these assholes in the streets when any of the fighting was happening — which included, among other things, a gang of people just beating someone with pipes in a parking garage, or the guy who killed this woman — it's easy to take notice of how sort of buffoonish and dorky and dumb-looking all these people are, but I don't think that necessarily precludes how fucking dangerous and scary it is.

07:29 SHUJA: Yeah...

07:29 WILL: Fascism is stupid. It is ugly and idiotic in every way. And it sort of relies on that. One necessarily doesn't have to preclude the other. When we talk about the violence that occurred here — we're gonna talk about this idea of what "violence on both sides" means. I think we need to be very clear: Organized demonstrations of fascism are people announcing their intention to do violence — it is violence. These people were chanting in the streets "The Jew will not replace us" and "Blood and Soil," these people are announcing their intention to perform a genocide in their community, in America. That is their goal. That is what they believe in. And that is what they will tell to anyone who will listen. And the more they do this shit, and the more organized and the more comfortable they feel marching in the streets, the closer they are to achieving that goal. So, in my opinion, there is no such thing as "violence on both sides," this rally was violence. And any violence that's done in retaliation or against these people is, in my opinion, completely justified.

08:44 FELIX: I think everyone was kinda guilty — most people were — of comparing these people to the Third Reich and going "These guys aren't anything like the DNSAP before they came to power. They're stupid and lazy and slovenly and they failed everything..." and it's like, what do you think those guys were? 

09:04 VIRGIL: Oh yeah.

09:04 FELIX: They were all like this failed something-or-other who had to drop out of cavalry school because they got addicted to morphine and believed in magic. That's not a preclusion to them doing some incredibly fucked up shit, as we've seen.

09:16 MATT: Yeah... Heinrich Himmler was a failed chicken farmer, which was the 1920s version of gaming.

09:22 WILL: Now finally one of these assholes has just straight up murdered someone and the person he killed, among injuring many others, Heather Heyer, was there marching with the IWW and DSA. And this is where we get into how fucking unbearable it is and almost perfect that Trump used the phrase "Alt-Left" to blame these people for 'instigating' violence, or participating in violence that is morally equal to that of those carried out by Neo-Nazi fascists. And what's so funny about that, like we've said, is that it followed the exact same pattern of "Fake News." The same people — not on the right, but like centrist liberals — have deployed the phrase "Alt-Left" for about a year now, to slander and really obfuscate any difference between themselves and anyone further to their left. It's both disgusting and hilarious because all these people look like absolute shit right now. I'm not even going to name their names at this point, you guys can if you want to. You probably know who I'm talking about. They're scrubbing their Twitter accounts fast right now. They're just searching the term "Alt-Left" and deleting tweets, because they rightly understand how fucking bad they look.

10:48 SHUJA: Well you know, it's the same shit that we were talking about the last time I was on. That the Right has always been good at looking at what people on the Left and on the Center are saying that they can pick up. Like identity politics, for example. Then it was "Fake News," and now it's "Alt-Left." It just presents and opportunity to strengthen their side. And these guys never punch right. Whereas you know, the mainstream, liberal, Democratic centrist people are always punching to their left and weakening our own side.

11:21 WILL: And the whole point of the phrase "Alt-Left," as it was invoked by these people, it really goes back to the never-ending 2016 primary between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton. One thing they could not allow to happen, or not allow themselves even to believe, is that the dispute between Bernie Sanders supports and Hillary Clinton supporters broke down on a normal, Left-to-Right spectrum. Bernie Sanders was clearly a candidate running to the left of Hillary Clinton, and his supporters were to the left of Hillary Clinton and her policies. They couldn't allow that to be the case because then they would have to agree that they are fairly more conservative than a broad swatch of young people and the Democratic party base. So they made the primary into this bullshit thing about "Berning Bros" and racism and sexism, supposedly on the left, to create an equivalence between their left-wing critics — represented by Bernie Sanders and his supporters — and the Alt-Right. This idea that they are — in  subtle and obvious ways — equally racist and sexist because they are attacking a woman and they are misogynist or racist in the same way, or at least in the same avenue, as the Alt-Right.

12:41 SHUJA: Sarah Jones and Ryan Cooper wrote histories of this. You saw it first when like Sean Hannity started saying "Alt-Left" all the time. It just got kind of picked up among Joy Reid and Joan Walsh and Tom Watson, the usual suspects... But then there was that article by James Wolcott that I don't know if we have up that we can look at—

13:03 WILL: You quote it in your article.

13:08 SHUJA: Yeah, the real thing that it did was it took the "Bernie Bro" concept and just linked it directly. It used to be horseshoe theory, right? That the Left and the Right end up in the same general area... it just brought the ends together and said 'actually, they're exactly the same.' He says some wild shit in that article.

13:27 WILL: In the Vanity Fair article, he uses "The Alt-Left" and "Bernie Bro." He says there is a kinship between the far Left and the White Supremacist Alt-Right. You're paraphrasing him here, but you say "they're united by 'Disillusionment with Obama's presidency, loathing of Hillary Clinton, and disgust with "identity politics," as well as a craving for a climatic reckoning that will clear the stage for a bold tomorrow.'"

13:54 SHUJA: The way he ends that article, I think literally the sentence that it ends with, is 'Go, Deep State, Go.'

14:03 FELIX: Jesus fucking Christ, omfg...

14:06 [???]: Go Go Deep State Ra-angers...

14:08 VIRGIL: I'm with him until the point about the reckoning? What's the reckoning that we want?

14:14 SHUJA: Revolution I guess?

14:16 MATT: Yeah... It's insane extremism to want to ever change anything, because we live in the Panglossian best-of-all-possible worlds. That's the unstated assumption of all of this, that we live in this Whig-trajectory towards perfection that can't be disrupted with any kind of aggressive or intemperate action — that slow-measured change will always bring us to a better place, and any attempt to change that trajectory through mass action is inherently extremist, illogical, and hateful somehow. Regardless of what the goals are.

15:00 SHUJA: By the way, with James Wolcott, I don't know if you guys saw this, but a while back he wrote this article that was something like 'The Best Twitter Feeds to Follow to Keep Up With the Russia Connection or whatever.' And one of the people he cited as the best sources was Louise Mensch.

15:17 [???]: Woo!

15:19 [???]: Genius.

15:18 SHUJA: The exact phrase he said was Louise Mensch is "Sherlock Holmes on jet-boots."

15:20 FELIX: What the fuck does that mean?

15:29 SHUJA: I don't know what the fuck that means! But it's like you're talking about someone who's said Theodor Herzl was an anti-Zionist. You're talking about someone who thought Charlie Hebdo was a guy. You know?

15:36 FELIX: That is what Sherlock Holmes would do if he was in rocket boots and didn't know what time in history he was in, if he was flying around confused and terrified...

15:41 SHUJA: 'Watson, who's this guy Charlie Hebdo?'

15:48 FELIX: But going back a little bit, this form of liberalism — I mean it's the same thing we've seen in liberalism in the contemporary period, but it's more explicit in these past few years — that it seeks to completely change history, to cut up parts and insert other parts so that they're always on the Left. They're always to the left of whatever. The Crime Bill, now throughout history, was supported by all Black voters... Black voters are now a monolith...Russia did not fight the Nazis... we're actually to the left of Sanders voters because of some undefined policy goal we have to defeat racism, our secret plan to defeat racism... And for a while, like in that 2016 primary, it was funny and it was maddening at times, but it was like well this isn't an immediate danger right now. That there is this group of people who completely skew the world around them. But now it's become very apparent with so many threats in front of us, with the collapse of so many other institutions, that these people cannot be trusted to do a fucking thing. And a lot of the people we're talking about who we're not naming, who did that "Alt-Left" shit, they still still fell back on it, they said some disgusting shit, you know, don't even fucking screencap them, don't fucking think of them, don't talk about them... let their fucking kids not even know what their name was like Captain Vidal. Fuck them. But the ones in power, it is more essential than ever that they are fucking out of there.

17:27 WILL: And part of this slander was the idea that whoever was criticizing them or making fun of them on Twitter, that after the election we were the ones who wanted to like have a separate peace with the fascists, or that we'd secretly be like 'Uh, we have a deal for you Alt-Right, how 'bout universal healthcare for white people only.' You know? This outrageous slander that they are the ones who — even their fucking self-proclaimed #TheResistance — and here's what brings the fucking lie to it: It wasn't Share Blue people, or fuckin DNC people, or people waving Hilary Clinton signs that were in the streets actually fighing these fucking Nazis. And by the way, standing up against racism and for the fucking rights that we do have and should have in this fucking country, against people whose explicit stated goal is to eradicate them. Those are the people standing up. The people that asshole drove his car into were the IWW, I think there were PSL people, the DSA—

18:35 FELIX: The WWP—

18:38 VIRGIL: BLM—

18:39 WILL: Black Lives Matter...

18:41 SHUJA: The whole span of the Left. Like left of us, you know?

18:47 MATT: Yeah but who was posting?

18:48 [???]: Hahaha...

18:48 [???]: That's the real question...

18:48 [???]: That's true...

18:49 MATT: Who was roasting the shoes that look like a fam that those Nazis were wearing? On Twitter. It was #TheResistance.

18:58 FELIX: Yeah #TheResistance was taking all those pictures and saying 'Who Looked Like a Fam and Why,' and that's what got people out there.

19:06 SHUJA: But this was the other thing that came up in the article... there were these articles that came out from liberal pundits like Peter Beinart, who wrote this thing about Antifa, leftist activists who make it a strategy to confront fascists, protect their community, and make sure people don't get hurt by Nazis. And he said, I think the phrase he used was that they are actually 'unlikely allies' to the Nazis. And it's like, were you there? Was Peter Beinart there like saving people who were under threat from Nazis? No, it was actually the same people he was talking about, rendering equivalent to them. What's the equivalent? You've got one side that's saying 'We want to destroy Jews, and Blacks, and Muslims,' and the other side that's like 'We want to destroy windows'? Is that the fuckin equivalence here? 

20:02 MATT: They do think they're equivalent in the sense that both sides, by going out in the street and engaging in that kind of direct action, are not doing politics right. And by doing that they're basically reducing our civility and the norms and processes that we use to determine political outcomes. There are appropriate channels for doing that — op-eds and voting, basically — and to do anything other than that is to disrupt the 'order' of Democratic debate that we have in this country. I think that's the way that they would think of it. If you're out in the streets and certainly if you're doing any kind of property damage or physical altercations with an opponent — regardless of what your point of view is — by doing that you are disrupting normal Democratic processes.

21:02 SHUJA: Right, cause 'doing politics right' is basically making excuses for the Iraq War. That's how it works.

21:07 WILL: As far as Peter Beinart goes, rich of him to talk about fucking 'advocating violence' or 'supporting violence in the street'. He did it the right way, by writing op-ed after op-ed supporting the Iraq War and attacking its opponents.

21:21 FELIX: Beinart is such a perfect, perfect guy for that fuckin viewpoint because it isn't about violence. It's about, like you said, the method of doing politics. And what Beinart believes, with his sort of neocon-lite and liberal Zionism — two very extreme points of view, but because they're in that Overton window of what's acceptable — that any violence necessary with maintaining an ethno-state, as long as it's along some vaguely liberal principles, is OK.

21:53 SHUJA: The liberal etiquette that comes up is always 'don't politicize someone's death'. The only excusable way to politicize someone's death is to start a war. If people die and then we go bomb a country, that's legit. But to say that someone's death means that we need to fight for ideals of justice, then we get attacked for politicizing someone's death.

22:19 VIRGIL: What's particularly repugnant about this cottage industry on the liberal-centrist side of punching left and attacking Antifa, is that it always comes from a place of bad faith, and ultimately it's not a realistic debate because you're just debating made up shit that shows up on Fox News that is used to gin up the anger of scared, old white people. And as well, it is quite rich that people like Beinart or Chait or the other unnameables...

22:55 SHUJA: Mark Lilla was the other one that came up.

22:59 VIRGIL: Sure, they can sit back and criticize people like the members of Antifa, or the Black Lives Matter movement, which are amorphous, protean movements with no leadership structure. Criticize people who go out in the streets and face off against Nazis, and criticize their tactics in terms of 'This is bad optics,' 'This is not a good communication strategy,' 'If I were in charge of Black Lives Matter here's what I would do...' And it's like, you're not! You don't do shit, you don't do anything. Who the fuck are you to sit around?

23:31 MATT: Right, that's the fundamental flaw in all of their analysis of how to deal with these emergent public displays of fascism. I think if you asked them, 'Okay, what would you do, if you could order everyone to do something?' I think they would say 'Uh, ignore them, sir. You should just let them have their parade and just give them none of the attention and oxygen that they crave.' And you know what? I can't even tell them that that wouldn't work in some vacuum, I don't know... But the thing is, that's literally impossible and will never happen because these are people going out in the street intentionally being provocative, intentionally fucking saying with all of the air in their lungs that a huge segment of their fellow Americans don't deserve to live... That is gonna bring people out in response. It is going to. So your smug fucking suggestion that everyone ignore them — OK that's nice, congratulations that you had that idea. It's not gonna happen. You have to start from the assumption that people are gonna want to engage with that kind of public, as we've said, violence. And they're not willing to do that, because yeah, as Virgil was saying, they imagine themselves as able to dictate from their fucking op-ed pages and their Twitter accounts on what people are gonna do in a real world — where people have actual skin in the game, and are not doing everything from the position of a totally removed, totally secure white dude in their goddamn pied-a-terre making decisions for everybody else.

25:07SHUJA: Right, like you have Mark Lilla was in the Wall Street Journal like the day before this shit went down—

25:14 VIRGIL: The main paper of The Resistance.

25:13 SHUJA: Yeah, I mean he was saying 'I don't understand what it's like to be a black guy driving a car so you gotta explain it to me.' Like it's on you to convince me what that's like and that it matters and that I need to care about it.

25:28 FELIX: But they're already trying to claim her. The people who criticize everything... the entire spectrum that she belonged to—

25:35 MATT: People who never would have gone out there in a million fucking years to actually protest.

25:40 FELIX: The people who criticized the entire spectrum that she belonged to... Ana fucking Navaro, who has fucking bragged about her dad's time with the Contras, said 'Heather's favorite color was purple and she stood against racism.' Yeah and your dad would have fucking killed her if she was Nicaraguan. Go fuck yourself. Any of them.

26:01 WILL: What's worse is like... when confronted with the reality of organized fascist violence in the streets, they always — talk about claiming something for themselves — they just make it about them to protect themselves yet again from criticism from their left. They go 'OK, now it's really serious, the President is openly supporting White Supremacy. Time to get on board and fight the real enemy guys!' And it's just like, you're not doing shit! You're not fighting anyone. Why would anyone join with you or like give you the benefit of the doubt, or hold fire on you, or reserve our criticism of you and your rotten politics because 'Shit's got real now!'... You know what, before I was critical of the Center for American Progress, but now I think we really have to join up with them...

26:54 VIRGIL: This is the 87th time [???]—

26:54 MATT: Yeah because you need them... because I mean it's not like they were the people whose incompetent campaign and awful policies and shithead view of the world are why this fucking maniac is the President.

27:07 FELIX: Yeah that's exactly it. And I want to clarify like, dude I wasn't, we weren't there. These are way better people than us for fucking being there. Fucking God bless them. But to say 'now is really the time to fall together' after you shit on all these people before it became apparent they were standing directly against the thing you claim to be against? And everything you did when you were in power — 8 fucking years — we ended up here, we can't talk about that?

27:34 SHUJA: You know who was politicizing her death? Her friend that was there with her that had to watch her die. And her mom, who has to mourn her. They've both been saying that her death means that we have to make sure this shit doesn't keep happening. That we have to fight for a world where it's not a possibility.

27:54 WILL: And I think Felix brings up a good point that I really want to underscore. I mean we're talking, as we normally do, about a lot of these shitheads who we hate, and this is just kinda like we gotta it off of our chest cause these fucking people are so infuriating. But I don't think we should let the show pass without bringing up the people who are mostly nameless, who were on that campus in the middle of that torch-lit parade—

28:18 SHUJA: Right—

28:18 WILL: Standing in the sea of those fucking chud pieces of shit Nazi assholes and their Under Armour polos and fuckin [?] t-shirts, you know, chanting. Standing in the middle of all of that with a banner that says like 'We're against this. Fuck you.' And the people in street who also fucking stood up bravely against these assholes. Again, most of them we don't know their names, but I don't think we can talk about all the assholes who are annoying us without really understanding, again, the bravery of the people who stood up against this.

28:57 SHUJA: Can we shout someone out?

28:58 VIRGIL: Yeah, please.

28:58 SHUJA: Did you guys see that picture of the guy using a spray paint can as a flamethrower against the Nazis?

29:04 WILL: The flamethrower! Hell yeah.

29:06 SHUJA: I mean how fucking cool was that?

29:08 VIRGIL: And he was an elder care worker.

29:09 SHUJA: It was the ingenuity... He's an elder care worker, and I don't know if you saw this—

29:12 WILL: He was protecting—

29:12 SHUJA: He was protecting this hunched over, old white guy — who looks like he runs the general store in like a 1940s western—

29:22 FELIX: A guy you give one gold coin to and he gives you 3 horses...

29:24 SHUJA: Yeah, right! Exactly. This was what people were doing out there, protecting each other.

29:29 VIRGIL: I remember seeing the fucking Alt-Right pieces of shit saying 'This man had a flamethrower at the event, that is a chemical weapon...'

29:39 SHUJA: He didn't even have a flamethrower, he like rigged a fuckin new weapon out of a spray paint can and a lighter. That shit is awesome.

29:47 WILL: Yeah, by the way... Flamethrower, that's hilarious. And mace. What the fuck is with these people, they always talk about 'They're using mace against us.' These assholes cam armed to the teeth with real fucking guns. I love how these people have some like conception where every conceivable weapon other than a gun is some sort of horrible thing that's beyond the pale...

30:05 FELIX: This is the furthest reactionaries use the norms of liberalism. To break them, they fall back on them to defend themselves. By saying 'That's not right, you're not supposed to bring flamethrowers to a protest'—

30:18 SHUJA: Civility.

30:18 FELIX: 'We were nonviolent, we were being nonviolent. Yeah we talk a lot of shit but we're nonviolent.'

30:23 WILL: And Matt, this is something you've spoken on before and I think it's absolutely important. The way these people always fall back on this idea of 'free speech.' That's their little totem because they don't quite yet have the confidence to say 'ethnostate genocide is what we actually believe in.' So they say 'We're standing up for free speech.'

30:45 MATT: Yeah... Cockburn pointed out that that Matthew Heimbach dickhead was standing in front of the courthouse in Virginia the other day, protesting some horrible treatment of his asshole friends or something, and he was talking about how it was so unfair that they didn't get any help from the police — they had their permits — while wearing a shirt featuring the leader of the Romanian Iron Guard, who in 1941 perpetrated a fucking pogrom against the Jewish population of Budapest that involved hanging them on hooks in a fucking slaughterhouse. He doesn't give a shit about fucking 'free speech.'

31:25 SHUJA: The concept of free speech, the way we talk about it, is so abstract. Like yeah, you have free speech, if you're a dead corpse that a Nazi just killed. So what. You know, like that abstraction doesn't mean shit if you are actually under threat.

31:39 WILL: And this is where like, yeah, you run up against the limits of the liberal worldview, in that you have a group of people that — like I said and must be stated again — are dedicated morally and philosophically to the idea and practice of genocide against races they regard as biologically inferior to them, who will use every pillar of liberal culture and society to protect themselves until they have enough power to take it away from everyone else. They don't believe in free speech. They don't believe in fucking human rights. They don't believe in nonviolence. And the way fucking people fall for this over and over again is stunning.

32:18 VIRGIL: I kinda worry that uhh Auto Zone has fired Nazi Jeff... I'm not sure private companies should have this much power...

32:26 FELIX: People who don't give a shit when people get fired for participating in BDS marches or any shit like that.

32:30 VIRGIL: Union drives.

32:30 FELIX: Yep... I do want to say one thing about the sort of broad reactionary movement that we kinda talked about before we recorded our episode yesterday. And that is, I think that this is gonna be a turning point, because it's a turning point that we see in all reactionary groups, be they fuckin Jabhat al Nustra or the Taliban or this, and that is... you know, people start out, they get attracted to the big names, you know, the Jack Prilosecs, the moderate rebels, and it's vert exciting and transgressive for them—

33:07 WILL: The Alt-Lite people, the media stars... the periscopers, the streamers...

33:12 FELIX: Right, before all the major in-fighting started. Then the in-fighting started and you see that there's someone more extreme... like you know, the NPI people or fuckin anything to the right of those guys. And hey shit, you know what, if you're a male from a dominant group, who feels like time has passed him up, and if he lived 500 years ago he wouldn't be sad and dislocated and a fucking loser like anyone who joins the caliphate...

33:36 MATT: He would have been issued a girlfriend, don't forget that.

33:39 FELIX: You're not gonna drift towards the moderate, you're gonna go even farther... If you feel like you're in a war all the time because you hate your life, yeah, moderates don't last in war, so these people drifted further to the right. But now that it's real I think this is going to be the part where some people get off the train. Because they didn't really imagine that they would have to answer to this much. A big thing about being transgressive in that reactionary sense is the very middle class — and this is the middle classness of this movement that informs it — the very middle class sentiment that you can snap back to safety anytime you want.

34:13 WILL: Yeah.

34:13 FELIX: And it's past that point now.

34:15 MATT: Yeah that none of this shit has consequences. That it's just lulz.

34:20 WILL: Yeah for the lulz... Just you know, bants... doin the bants...

34:22 VIRGIL: But you know it's also a good counterpoint when you brought up that this is a middle class movement — and also an upper class movement— 

34:31 SHUJA: They're in fuckin polo shirts!

34:31 VIRGIL: And a lot of opportunists in the center say that, you know,  this is a fault of Bernie Sanders, who said, before the election, we should, uh, think about the material conditions of these people...

34:45 WILL: Economic anxiety...

34:45 VIRGIL: Right, right... It's like well, no, it's all racists. But the people who have the means and wherewithal to drive from Ohio or Oregon or Maine to Virginia in order to go to a weekend Nazi rally are not out of work coal miners.

35:06 FELIX: Yeah I mean, Frank Rich said no more hillbilly elegies after this... which yeah, A) Fuck that book, but like, you think those were fucking hillbillies you dumb piece of shit? All those people grew up in subdivisions!

35:16 SHUJA: Richard Spencer has a masters degree.

35:17 FELIX: Yeah!

35:18 SHUJA: We're not talkin about hillbillies here.

35:20 FELIX: You know what hillbillies were there? Redneck Revolt.

35:23 SHUJA: Redneck Revolt was there, fuckin up some Nazis!

35:24 FELIX: Yeah.

35:26 WILL: This is a good segue. I think we should also talk about... We talked about the annoying assholes of the centrist Liberals and their just supreme misapprehension of the situation and their own (rather nauseating) ass covering in the light of the fact that they've now, basically, helped co-sign another major right-wing talking point—

35:51 SHUJA: Whoops...

35:51 WILL: A new brain work that I'm sure will be infesting us all for the next 5 to 10 years at least... We should take the centrists' advice and talk about the Right and their reaction to this. Beginning with the President, which was — again, let's not mistake ourselves at all, he made a tepid statement decrying bigotry, and then less than 24 hours later gave a press conference where, don't kid yourself, he went out of his way to apologize for and promote White Supremacy, violence, and the same people who did this shit, and like pretending that they weren't all Nazis or something ridiculous like that...

36:35 MATT: They just love statues.

36:37 WILL: They love—

36:37 MATT: They love statues.

36:39 SHUJA: Fuckin statues man.

36:40 WILL: And you know, in his own—

36:42 VIRGIL: Well I'm sure that was atleast one guy...

36:44 SHUJA: At least one guy yeah!

36:45 VIRGIL: With a polaroid camera...

36:47 WILL: Uhhh it's The Statue Nerd, uhh, you know what? This is a type of copper that we don't make anymore...

36:53 MATT: That's funny on two fronts. One, most confederate statues are mass produced shit that are aesthetically garbage...

36:58 [???]: Garbage. Chintzy shit.

37:00 SHUJA: Right.

37:00 MATT: And two, the hilarity of aesthetic lectures and historical lectures coming from one of the biggest philistine shitheads in human history.

37:11 FELIX: You know, I can't believe they wanted to take down the statue of Zeus.

37:14 SHUJA: So listen, I'm from State College, Pennsylvania, where Penn State University is, and we have the Joe Paterno statue... which stood for months after everybody knew he basically was enabling a pedophile to run a charity that he poached little boys from. And people rallied to defend that shit. You know? This kind of mentality about hero worship bleeds into all over American societies

37:39 VIRGIL: Shuja I'm glad you brought that up, because a friend of mine proposed a compromise. Now that confederate statues are under attack, Nancy Pelosi came out with a statement demanding that the confederate statues in the US Capitol, the statues of confederates, be taken down... This is the compromise. We take down every confederate statue and replace them with a statue of Joe Paterno. This will appease 100% of the country.

38:08 FELIX: Oh yeah...

38:09 SHUJA: It's win win. It's really win win.

38:11 VIRGIL: All of the confederate defenders will be like 'Oh alright, that's fine.'

38:14 MATT: The real solution will come when America is part of the glorious caliphate and all representatives are just banned as haram.

38:22 SHUJA: Did you see that clip of the protest? There's this statue of Lenin in Seattle and there were like five people protesting it?

38:26 FELIX: Yeah...

38:26 WILL: Yeah...

38:30 SHUJA: Yeah, Jack fuckin Prostate posted a video of like five people with signs that were like not even grammatically correct...

38:38 WILL: 'Lenin equals Hitler'—

38:39 SHUJA: 'Lenin equals Hitler'.

38:41 WILL: And 'Marxist Bigotry'.

38:42 SHUJA: 'Marxist Bigotry'!

38:43 VIRGIL: Got em.

38:45 MATT: Also, that statue is privately owned and on private property, so you're lucky they didn't shoot you.

38:51 SHUJA: That's the shit that you're supposed to be defending, right? Private property?

38:53 WILL: Hold on a sec, Matt brought up I think an interesting point just a second ago. Matt, you talked about how most of these confederate statues are cheaply made chintzy bullshit, and I think it's important to point out why, which is that almost all of them were not erected centuries ago, but in the '60s as a deliberate affront to the civil r—

39:14 MATT: Basically whenever the Klan spiked, there was a huge explosion in confederate statues and monuments going up.

39:22 WILL: Yeah.

39:22 FELIX: Yeah, I mean... I love the argument around it, like people aren't gonna know their history if we don't have the statues. Like most people learn by taking walks and seeing statues and going like 'Oh, I didn't know we had a Civil War! We have a whole statue about it!'

39:37 VIRGIL: How would you know about animals if zoos didn't exist?

39:39 WILL: Hahaha yeah this idea that it's 'erasing history.' It's erasing history to put them up in the fucking first place.

39:49 VIRGIL: It can't be said enough. I thought this was common knowledge that the statues came up for that reason, and for the same reason that the confederate flag was put on multiple state flags... in service of the great lie that the Southern cause was good or decent, or that these were decent fucking people who died fighting for slavery, or in opposition to desegregation.

40:12 WILL: The other element to this is, again, there's the sort of Alt-Right and Alt-Lite people — the Alt-Lite people are already heading for the exits because these people, as we've discussed before, basically only just want to be media celebrities. They want the next book deal, they want the next Fox News appearance, or whatever, their rebel media network bullshit. They can see the writing on the wall. Fuckin, what is it, Cernovich is now being like 'I'm no longer pro-Trump, I'm juth about journalithm.' And fuckin Baked Alaska was like 'Yo we gotta come together we gotta stop calling each other SJ-Dubs and Nazis you know...' So like the Alt-Lite people and their fellow travelers, I think they see the writing on the wall and they're heading for the exits. The other more hardcore people, it's yet to be seen how they're gonna react. They're sort of debating whether they should be a little bit more quiet about some of their explicit goals. But then of course there is the broader conservative movement and Republican Party in general. And I want to talk a little bit about how, now, the appearance of this idea that they're the 'silent majority' of Republicans that are actually shocked and horrified by Trump... I mean, fuck these people. Seriously.

41:22 FELIX: I can't wait till 2019 where Trump christens the next battleship like the SS Jerry Sandusky Adolf Hitler, and we're gonna hear about all the Republicans in private who are fed up and then, you know, none of them actually do anything about it.

41:38 WILL: And here's the idea. Like I said, Trump gave a press conference where he all but openly praised White Supremacy, and now there are murmurings of 'Oh this is simply too much, he's unfit for office...' Here's the deal, as long as he passes tax reform, they'll let him stay and do whatever the fuck he wants.

41:57 VIRGIL: That's interesting Will, because first off he isn't gonna pass tax reform, that's also gonna blow up in his face, but second of all, I saw, the other day, yet another one of those articles — this might be the 100th one I've seen — that is 'Time For Republicans To Say Where You Stand'. This was in Politico. And you can guess what it is. This article pops up every fucking week that something repugnant happens. It's you know, 'Republicans You're Better Than This', 'We're Better Than This'. And the mirror image of that is the Liberals, or the Centrists, who are like 'Actually, Trump is uniquely dangerous, this week's events show that...'

42:35 SHUJA: Right, right.

42:35 VIRGIL: And we keep fucking seeing it. And I'm sorry, if you didn't realize this guy was a fucking Nazi from the second he went down that fucking elevator in his cocksucking building, then you're an imbecile. You should never, ever be listened to. He talked about putting Muslims on a fucking list. He talked about torturing family members. Children of alleged terrorists. It's been a White Nationalist movement from the start and fuck you for pretending otherwise.

43:02 MATT: Well how many people who've had tut-tutting-of-him to do this week for his awful racism have in the past voted for mandatory minimum sentences for drugs, or fucking voter disenfranchisement.

43:13 VIRGIL: Yup.

43:14 MATT: Gimme a fuckin break.

43:16 SHUJA: I mean you had both like.. Mitt Romney and Christ Christie both said some stuff about 'Actually you know, the sides weren't equivalent, we have to be against White Supremacy...' It's like, you guys are gonna go clean Trump's toilet with toothbrushes tomorrow morning, you know?

43:31 FELIX: You didn't hear them say his name. They didn't fuckin say his name.

43:33 SHUJA: Yeah they didn't actually call him out, they just...

43:36 VIRGIL: Uhh The Estate of George Wallace has come out with a statement: 'We are better than this.'

43:42 FELIX: Dr. Mengela's head in a jar in Argentina has said, 'Sir...'

43:47 WILL: So yeah, this is all completely disingenuous. I say save it, to all of these assholes, seriously.

43:56 VIRGIL: For me, what's the most galling of all of it is that now that there are many people who, prior to this, would have decried the 'Alt-Left' or 'The Bernie Bros' or whatever are now saying 'I'm Alt-Left.'

44:15 SHUJA: Oh my god.

44:15 WILL: Oh yeah.

44:17 VIRGIL: 'Whatever the President says is bad, well I'm Alt-Left. Alt-Left means gay people, it means supporters of charter school apps, it's the whole Resistance is Alt-Left.'

44:30 SHUJA: I mean the whole concept of it was to say that this is the part of the Left that hates PoC.

44:35 VIRGIL: At the end of the day it comes back to something that you and I have spoken about Will, that ultimately the people who are members of radical, leftist political organizations. They're rabble rousers, they're members of the DSA, the BLM, the IWW. And if the institutional/establishment/Center-Left, whatever you want to call it, wants to take credit for that, if they want to rely on these radicals as a barrier between them an fascism, if radicals are going to bleed and die in that fight then radicals should lead that coalition.

45:22 WILL: Absolutely. And what's more — I mentioned this earlier this week — if those, as you said, Centrists, would like now to say 'We are the Alt-Left,' I just only wish there were some sort of... ritual act of submission or contrition they could do... to the people who they've slandered relentlessly for years now?

45:49 FELIX: Some sort of physical action that represents something? Yeah...

45:52 WILL: Just yeah, some sort of physical act that's like a display or maybe sort of like a pithy phrase used in a popular television show, I don't know...

45:57 FELIX: Oh oh yeah, I know I know, "Bosch, you've gone too far." They have to say that to all of us.

46:05 VIRGIL: "Dr Who, I love you."

46:07 FELIX: "Bazinga."

46:12 WILL: Exactly. It is hilarious to watch these people — as the Alt Lite is also back pedaling, it is hilarious to watch these people back pedal.

46:21 FELIX: Oh yeah.

46:21 WILL: It is hilarious. Again, like I said, let's welcome them with open arms—

46:29 VIRGIL: I agree—

46:29 WILL: If the Share Blue Army wants to get out there in the streets and fight fascism, I say let's do it.

46:36 FELIX: I have one Share Blue guy in mind who may be good at that. And I think you guys know who I'm talking about.

46:42 VIRGIL: I know a lot of these individuals act in bad faith and are still acting in bad faith, and can just be disregarded as cranks. But a number of them actually do see the writing on the wall, in increasing numbers since the election, that, oh, even if we do support policy positions that tack closer to the center and the status quo, we know that's totally not tenable, and it's not tenable for us to hostile to the Left. A good example of that is Yglesias, right? Right after the election said 'Ah fuck, we were wrong. Nope. Bernie woulda won.'

47:14 WILL: But another thing that I've been thinking about this week — that's sort of crystallized in my mind — we talked about a lot of these really annoying people that'll mostly go unnamed — I'm sure you know who I'm talking about — like it's been a running joke that I've certainly been a part of for a long time, which is you know, making fun of these assholes on Twitter and the ridiculous, idiotic things they say. But I feel like I've got to the point now where like, obviously making fun of them is fun, and I think there is an effect where people who are otherwise not radical could sometimes, through humor, can see... or you can pierce the pomposity and ignorance of these people... and I think there's something useful in that. But like, now, as far as I'm concerned, especially in the wake of what's happened in Charlottesville, I just think there's no point in even engaging and making fun of these people anymore. Because the vast majority of them are fucking nobodies who would have no attention were it not—

48:07 VIRGIL: Oh, they don't represent larger groups in the electorate—

48:08 WILL: Yeah—

48:08 VIRGIL: I mean I always thought there was never really a point, except to the extent that some of the actually do have the ear of powerful people who are epistemically close. Like for instance Obama, what, read David Brooks every fucking week? Wasn't that right? That's one of the most frightening things I've ever heard.

48:27 SHUJA: I mean how did we think that Obama was so smart if he's reading David Brooks's column.

48:32 VIRGIL: Ugh...

48:32 WILL: But to get back to my point, to echo what T said on our show a few weeks ago, to respond to the charge that like the 'Alt-Left' quote-unquote is the one who wants to make common cause with racists, or wants to make a separate peace with fascism or whatever, or doesn't stand against racism, don't even respond to it. I know it's galling, but you have to understand what these people are doing, which is they have nothing. They have nothing. So just keep talking about—

49:07 MATT: Well I mean they have nothing in terms of an argument or a coherent worldview or a useful praxis, but what they do have is — they are speaking on behalf of a hegemonic liberalism that is going to get us all fucking killed. I agree don't talk to them, but because they're a distraction from the real fucking problem, which is that fascism arises because of the collapse of institutional legitimacy of liberal institutions. That's how we got fucking Trump and that's how we're gonna get what's comin next after him that's gonna be even worse. Because if you think there's not going to be more ecological and economic catastrophes in the future that liberalism is wholly unsuited to fucking deal with, and that that failure is not going to lead to fascism filling that fucking whole, you've got another thing coming. That's what these guys are. These guys who marched in Charlottesville, these are the people who are aware of the unspoken premise of this sort of zombie neoliberalism we're living in, which is that we're coming at a point where there's gonna be ecological catastrophe, and it's going to either require mass redistribution of the ill-gotten gains of the first world, or genocide. And these are the first people who have basically said, 'Well if that's the choice, I choose genocide.' And they're gettin everybody else ready, intellectually and emotionally, for why that's gonna be OK when that happens. Why they're not really people, when we're putting all this money into fucking walls and drones and bombs and guns to keep them away so that we can watch them die with clear consciences, it's gonna be because we've been loaded with the ideology that these guys are now starting to express publicly. On the other side of them you have people who are saying, in full fucking voice, 'No, we have the resources to save everybody to give everybody a fucking decent and worthwhile existence, and that is what we want.' And that is the fucking real difference between these two. You can tell that to the next asshole who tells you that they're actually two sides of the same coin.

51:17 VIRGIL: Yeah...

51:17 SHUJA: You know what's gonna happen is that the majority of Americans who don't vote, who don't participate in the political process, when they start to look at this they're gonna see the Nazis — the apocalyptic destroyers of the world — on one side, and on the other they're gonna see the DSA, Black Lives Matter, they're gonna see Antifa, and what they're not gonna see is they're not gonna see Hillary Clinton out there, they're not gonna see Center for American Progress or Share Blue or whatever the fuck those organizations are...

51:51 WILL: Brookings... Peter Beinart, whatever...

51:51 SHUJA: Brookings... All the fucking think tanks that are dedicated to preserving stability and order in the liberal tradition, they're not out there fighting that fight. It's the Left that's fighting that fight. And the apolitical masses, they're starting to see that now.

52:10 FELIX: Uhh I may not be the 2X2 Tetris piece, but I'm Black Bloc!

52:22 WILL: I've mentioned them before, I know this'll come as a shock to them, but let's also shout out some of the Marxist/Leninist groups as well. Or Maoist.

52:32 BRENDAN: Let's also shout out fuck you again Ben C Jacobs, we said fuck you on the Chelsea Manning episode when she was freed, then you got bodyslammed by that Italian man who was running for office, which I frankly—

52:41 FELIX: Betsy DeVos.

52:43 VIRGIL: Nick Mullen.

52:44 BRENDAN: I hope he had a big breakfast that day and that it really fuckin smarted, because then right after—

52:47 MATT: I hope he gets off-the-top-rope splashed from Blake Farenthold.

52:56 BRENDAN: He goes out yesterday and says to people raising money — which by the way we retweeted this too — to get some of the people who tore down that Confederate statue in Durham to bail them out. He goes 'Uhh I'm not sure if you're aware but the person who was arrested is a Maoist, who defends North Korea so I'm not sure if I want them out of jail...' and it's just fuck you, you're useless...

53:18 VIRGIL: Shut up!

53:18 SHUJA: I'm not sure I want them out of jail? Can we get that Republican to have a fight with him again?

53:24 MATT: I gotta say, I mean, we've made fun of Tankies on the show but how awesome would it have been if at Charlottesville the Tankies had had actual tanks?

53:33 FELIX: Yeah that's a good point. Good point.

53:35 VIRGIL: Something beautiful I saw this morning in Durham, hundreds of people went to the police station and turned themselves in in solidarity with the woman who was arrested for tearing down the statue. Saying 'I was also there, I also tore down the statue'. And that's something that we've seen for the past week: Small and large acts of generosity and solidarity and moral clarity that has made me prouder than ever to consider myself someone who stands with the Left.

54:02 FELIX: Yeah and I just wanna say, conclusively, 100%, we're going to fix all the problems. And that's it.

54:11 SHUJA: I had a buddy who was there in Charlottesville and he just published his report on it at Viewpoint. He said that, on the Right, you saw this really strict hierarchy that had like the celebrity PewDiePies and Baked Alaskas at the top, who were kind of being protected by everybody else.

54:29 WILL: Baked Alaska was yelling 'I'm a VIP, I'm a VIP'...

54:33 SHUJA: Exactly! Exactly. It's like that's the polar opposite of what you were seeing on the Left.

54:39 MATT: Yeah it's almost like hierarchy versus egalitarianism is the defining fucking difference between the two and you'd have to be a complete blinkered moron to be confused about that point.

54:51 VIRGIL: I was saying that to my bodyguard the other day.

54:53 FELIX: Yeah once and for all we're gonna say it: Everyone on the Left is equal underneath us.

54:58 SHUJA: Right...

54:58 WILL: Well... It was the refrain during the UK election, the Corbyn Labour Party, their slogan "We Are Many, They Are Few," that was true then, it's absofuckinglutely true about us and these Alt-Right fucking chuds... It's deadly fucking serious what's going on right now, but there are more of us than them by a fucking long shot.

55:23 FELIX: Mmhm.

55:23 WILL: And like I said, through solidarity and the acts of bravery that we've seen coming out of Charlottesville, I think these fuckers are not long for this world. And I don't mean that in a violent sense, I mean it like they're going away. They're going back to hiding.

55:41 MATT: They're going back to gaming.

55:43 WILL: They're going back to fucking hiding like fucking snakes that they are.

55:47 VIRGIL: They're getting kicked out of gaming too.

55:48 WILL: Yeah no, there's no refuge anymore. No more gaming.

55:51 FELIX: They're going to [?].

55:55 WILL: Alright I think that's as good a place as any to wrap it up. Shuja, thanks for joining us.

56:01 SHUJA: Hey thanks for having me guys.

56:03 WILL: I think we'll have some links to donate for legal fees for either the people who tore down that statue, or medical fees for any of the people who were injured in Charlottesville. There'll be plenty more stuff like that, so keep an eye open in the show description if you wanna help out. So until next time guys?

56:25 FELIX: Hasta la pronto.

56:26 SHUJA: See ya later.

56:26 WILL: Cheers.

56:26 MATT: Byebye.

56:27 VIRGIL: Bye.

BEATS: DJ Smokey In Da Chamber Pt 3Embed