Donnie Darko LyricsHow do I understand this movie?
Why is Donnie smiling at the beginning of the film, when he wakes up?
Is the Philosophy of Time Travel a real book? Are there more pages to the Philosophy of Time Travel?
Why does Donnie do what he does in this movie?
Why is Donnie laughing at the end and/or why doesn't he get out of bed?
Who is the human Frank?
Who or what are the beings from the future?
Why did the director Kelly put the phrase "Deus Ex Machina" in the film? Why does Donnie say "Deus Ex Machina?"
Why when the characters are in bed at the end of the movie, in the "Mad World montage," do they seem to recollect what happened in the Tangent Universe?
What part does Cherita Chen play in the film? Why does Donnie put on Cherita's ear muffs?
Why does Gretchen wave to Donnie's Mom, Rose?
As Jim Cunningham isn't caught in the Primary Universe, doesn't that mean Donnie failed in revealing him as a criminal?
Why does Principal Cole ignore Seth Deviln snorting coke in the corridor of Middlesex High School during the "Head over Heels" sequence?
How did Donnie get to Carpathian Ridge, at the beginning of the film?
Why does Kenneth Monnitoff say he can't continue the conversation with Donnie about time travel?
When Donnie's parents are talking about Frankie Feedler are they referring to Frank's father? Based on Frank saying that his father and grandfather were called Frank also.
Why does Dr. Thurman react the way she does to Donnie's comment about the sky opening up?
Why did Dr. Thurman prescribe placebos to Donnie?
Why did Dr. Thurman call Donnie's parents on the night of the party?
Why are the bullies (Seth Devlin and Ricky) in Grandma Death's (Roberta Sparrow's) house?
Why does Kitty Farmer relate Graham Greene to Bonanza?
What happened to Gretchen's mother at the end of the film?
Why does Donnie have a cut on his neck?
Who is Sarah Walters, mentioned on the website as having died the same day as Roberta Sparrow?
Who are the 'they' referred to in the letter on the website?
Who is the jogger in the red tracksuit?
Where is this film supposed to be set?
Why is this film set in 1988?
In one shot the camera lingers on a group shot with a MUCH younger Roberta Sparrow shown. Why?
What is the significance of the cellar door?11Embed