Before the Streets Lock Down Lyrics[Intro: Sample]
"This America—"
"This America—"
"This America exists no more as we know it. If you notice when he makes speeches, there is no more Presidential Seal behind him, which means we are under mother fucking Marshall Law, and there are no elections!"

[Verse 1: Demrick]
All my neighbors out of work, rent due, said fuck it on the first. Pockets hurt, it's about to get worse, feeling like a curse or a plague in a hospital bed, in the air, wanna know what it's all worth. I heard you need a ventilator, don't worry you'll bе fine, you gone get it latеr. Ticking time bomb, I'm the detonator. Dictator, mow you down like the Terminator, yeah. Common denominator annihilator, I could cap but you want a Phi Beta. Ain't no switching or changing your mind hater. Y'all niggas is pussy, you need a vibrator. You better stop it like break pads, but your hand sanitizer and a face mask. Standing six feet apart never shake hands. Quarantine taking kids out of class, think a bunch of toilet paper bout' save your ass

[Interlude: Sample]
"Take that shit off your face>t's pointless. Because, you see this? This is—this is the largest organ on your body, the skin. So, you just covering up your face? Shit don't make sense, yo!"
[Verse 2: Xzibit]
Hit em with a little bit of
Truth this year, I'mma keep it dirty 'til it's crystal clear. Listen here my nigga, my heart's in my chest, in a bullet proof vest, and it don't pump fear. Never scared of America lock down, we're used to being on lock down, stocks down, no mom and pops around. The hot sound of lead flying at ya. I'm in my element I'm doing fine. Catch a mother fucker creeping I'mma kill em on my property. Not one of you mother fuckers stopping me. I'm a serial killer so I'm killing em properly, irresponsibly, honestly, constantly. We could all use some relief and release for awhile but the food dry up and the police lock down (down, down, down). Before the streets locked down

[Interlude: Sample]
"Only you going to Hollywood. Why you think they all at home now? Ain't no more Hollywood Bruh! Ain't no more Hollywood. Mother fuckers in [?] and in Michigan with rifles and sawed off shotguns. They ain't going home, they ain't staying home, you know why they wanna keep you in the house"

[Verse 3: B-Real]
Living the dream, and maybe you know what I mean, life is getting the cream, and maybe you don't need a thing. Give me the ring that got you feeling like a king, and when they take it away, what you're feeling is the sting. Who would have thought a lot about until lock down, another depression pandemic bringing the block down, unemployment at an all time high, pharmaceuticals making a killing, watching the [sky?], 45, telling us lies. Media want em to rise. You don't know who to trust, you just want to go outside. Put your mask on like a bandit, understand it, it goes down like they planned it. Damn if I don't get up now and I don't say something, media talking but they don't say nuthin', people deny and call it fake newsYou might also like3Embed