People So Stupid Lyrics[Intro]
Hi

[Verse 1]
I'm prayin' that the world changes soon
Can't get a doobie on a plane, but there's Uzis in our schools
Every dude who touched a boob or a booty gettin' MeToo'd
What you expect from the kids who went to Hooters after school?
We're all triggered and defensive, we're all racist and we're sexist
We all grew up watching South Park, how are we offended?
Now being fat is beautiful? Name a thing that you can't do?
Jumping jacks, run a mile, live past 42
Man, it used to be cool to just flip a bird to the system
And now it's trendy to be triggered and pretend you're a victim
"It's my race, it's my weight, it's because I'm a Christian
I hate the internet and anyone who has an opinion"
And everybody angry if you say "white," 'kay fine
Pass me the brush and I'll paint my face 'til the shade's right
Let's talk about abortion, sorry, tell me how this works
Bacteria is life on Mars, but a heartbeat isn't life on Earth? Weird
[Chorus]
People are so stupid, why are y'all so stupid?
Get better problems, I swear to God that y'all want 'em, y'all so dumb
People so stupid, people so dumb, people so boo-hoo, wah-wah-wah
Get better issues, we're gonna run outta tissues, it's so dumb

[Verse 2]
I'm a hater 'cause I can't relate to gay pride?
Call me homophobic because I don't wanna date guys? 'Kay, tight
I, for one, am not surprised the world declined along the way
Give trophies to children for losin' just 'cause they decide to play
We exercise our right to vote then hate the politicians, ayy
This is a democracy, it's partly your decision, ayy
This is weird, feels like this a different year
If I identify as a female, then will my balls and penis disappear?
Children want a gender switch and hating men is feminist
Depression and anxiety are trendy, we're too sensitive
Invented 80 genders, mad the world is not accepting it
They give them more attention than normal women and men can get
What a contradiction, bein' human is so tragic
Focused on minorities, ignoring all the masses
Hallelujah, everyone, activism saved the planet
No more plastic straws in paper, just paper straws wrapped in plastic, congratulations

[Chorus]
People are so stupid, why are y'all so stupid?
Get better problems, I swear to God that y'all want 'em, y'all so dumb
People so stupid, people so dumb, people so boo-hoo, wah-wah-wah
Get better issues, we're gonna run outta tissues, it's so dumb
You might also like[Bridge]
Look, I get it, it's like the world is goin' crazy
Seems like a school shooting happens almost daily
The racism, rape culture, hatred that we're facing
Is way too ingrained for our hashtags to change it
We've become so lazy and complacent, afraid of our generation
We think activism's Instagramming memes and complaining
It's a problem when there's actually actions you could be taking
But you're triggered so you just cry like a baby

[Chorus]
People are so stupid, why are y'all so stupid?
Get better problems, I swear to God that y'all want 'em, y'all so dumb
People so stupid, people so dumb, people so boo-hoo, wah-wah-wah
Get better issues, we're gonna run outta tissues, it's so dumb9Embed