Deluded Lyrics[Intro: Tion Wayne]
I love Chris Rich
Steel Banglez
Is this too far, Bangz?
Ayy, baow, baow, baow

[Chorus: Tion Wayne]
Slap it and stop that music
Are you mad, are you fuckin' stupid? (Mm-mm)
On me, you're deluded
Is it the crack or the B you're abusin'?
Slap it and mm-mm
Put your bum in the air, let me mm-mm
Yo, likkle man gone if he lose it
Yo, my niggas run up and shoot it
[Verse 1: Tion Wayne]
Enter the nine, won't bark, uh? (Boaw)
What you smokin', Stardawg?
We just copped the .45 from the apna (Ayy)
Why we gotta ride out on a karla? (Gang)
Why my nigga so evil? Stardawg killin' my people
The kickback so lethal, always cop somethin' illegal (Grrr, boom)
Every time my brudda shoot it, it's a full clip (Woo)
This ain't no Russian roulette (Woo)
I'm the Edmonton, ooh F
Man are bad, man still bust a one-two step (Woo, woo)
Try run up on mе with no weapon (Bang, bang)
Which drug are you takin'? (Baow, baow)
Man, I put on my block, I'm a legеnd (Boom, boom, boom)
Every day, man Edmonton steppin'

[Verse 2: MIST, Tion Wayne]
I still catch me a M and make me an M off music (An M off music)
Still got a short fuse, yeah, man go mad when I lose it
Mad, get stupid (Ayy)
Did dirt, did road, did music (Woo)
Take what? Leave where? Are you tootin'?
Are you mad? Are you stupid? Manna man just get wounded
No jimmy's, just throat sex
Just had a shot with a hostess (Mm-mm)
2020, I'm focused, '014, I was homeless
Like, where do I start off?
My young boy caught a M, now he's parked off (Mm-mm)
I'm in the zone, let me park off
Big crop up North of Stardawg (Baow, baow)
Don't let me bark off
You might also like[Chorus: Tion Wayne]
Yo, slap it and stop that music
Are you mad, are you fuckin' stupid? (Mm-mm)
On me, you're deluded (Boom, boom, boom)
Is it the crack or the B you're abusin'?
Slap it and mm-mm
Put your bum in the air, let me mm-mm
Yo, make a man gone if he lose it
Yo, my niggas run up and shoot it (Baow, baow)

[Verse 3: MIST, Tion Wayne]
Who God bless, no man curse
Every other day, yeah, man get burst (Boom)
On the 'net but you're not direct in the flesh, you fuckin' nerd (Uh)
In a car with a ten-year bird
And now we look clean when we come from dirt (Woo)
For the rap ting, every other plug got jerked (Woo)
So we came up, tryna put opps on shirts
And what if I'm famous? Yeah, I love to slide (Slide)
Get brainless with the stainless, bust this .9, I'ma up this crime
Too rich for the hood but I love this life (Ayy)
Didn't care 'bout the plug, I just plugged in time (Ayy)
So we come 'round, why they all come inside? (Right, right)
Gonna shake fam up, no duck and dive (Boom, boom, boom, boom)

[Chorus: Tion Wayne]
Yo, slap it and stop that music (Ah)
Are you mad, are you fuckin' stupid? (Baow) (Mm-mm)
On me, you're deluded (Boom, boom, boom)
Is it the crack or the B you're abusin'?
Slap it and mm-mm
Put your bum in the air, let me mm-mm
Yo, make a man gone if he lose it (Gone, gone, gone, gone)
Yo, my niggas run up and...
[Outro: Tion Wayne]
Are you mad? Are you fuckin' stupid?
Yo, my niggas run up (Run up)
Are you mad? Are you fuckin' stupid? (Stupid)
Yo, my niggas run up and shootEmbed