Politically Correct Lyrics[Intro: Rittz]
I can't say this
I'm not allowed to say that either
That might piss somebody off or offend somebody
Fuck it

[Verse 1: Rittz]
It's hard for me to talk about shit these days
There's so many rules that I'm supposed to abide by (shh)
Everyone's so sensitive saying not to mention shit
Fuck it I'm about to break the ice down
What should I begin with? Shit I shouldn't mention
Women tryin' to sentence Bill Cosby
Pill or no pill, why the fuck you' in his room, ho?
Should've told him meet you in the hotel lobby
Wait, oh, wait, shit, I'm not allowed to say "ho"
You ain't got to fuck, say "no, bitch" damn
A bitch blackmailed me once
Guarantee when I see her, I'm goin' beat her like a grown-ass man
You can smack hoes, that so? Really, since when?
R. Kelly's situation is a bit taboo
Like a sixth grade me skipping class with a chick, saw my first pair of tits at school
[Chorus: Rittz]
I guess nowadays you supposed to be politically correct
I hope you hear this song and you get physically upset
I'm joking and poking fun, that' because you tickled me to death
I'm just playing, I just hate that they get way too sensitive

[Verse 2: Rittz]
Cunt, can't say the c-word, can't say the b-word, can't say the n-word, maybe you can (nah)
If you hang with some friends that okay it if you say it with the a on the end (not cool, dawg)
There's a major percentage of fat white chicks who like black guy dick
Problem is that's the only type of hoes I can get (I can't feel shit)
A pussy hole so stretched out I don't feel shit
But she try to blame it all on my dick
Bitch, hold up relax, I'm just saying what you won't
Really, most of us feel the same way
And don't even act like you don't get a tad bit afraid like a terrorist was on the same plane
But I can't talk religion, diss politicians
Can't even say the word "retard" (fuck that [?])
But imprisoning innocent Mexican children
That's cool 'cause they didn't have a green card?
Geez

[Chorus: Rittz]
I guess nowadays you supposed to be politically correct
I hope you hear this song and you get physically upset
I'm joking and poking fun, that' because you tickled me to death
I'm just playing, I just hate that they get way too sensitive
You might also like[Verse 3: Rittz]
Cunt you can't even flirt if you're not that attractive
You fuck around and you get charged with harassment (don't touch me)
Even if you got a hard on for it like a cop when he's physically assaulting a black man
There's some unwritten things that you're not allowed to diss, like try it and you'll probably get shun (fuck that)
Some things the majority of people love by default I just don't
Fuck with, here are some
I don't like Mick Jagger or the Rolling Stones (never have)
Truthfully I really hate the Beatles more (their songs suck)
I respect what they did for the culture
Same thing with the Beastie Boys
Your screechy voice just make me mad and so does Breaking Bad, I can't stand bad acting
I couldn't tell you who's in the NFL
A lot of dorks play sports, I don't dick ride athletes
Never been a fan of Orange Is The New Black
These yuppie ass parents and their young ones
And everybody cares [?]
And I wish you'd shut the fuck up!
Smart mouth brat, really needs to get smacked
Now I got you all mad, what you got a bad temper?
Well, fuck you, fuck your fam, you're confused like a republican transgender
Jesus Christ!

[Outro: Rittz & ?]
Oh I can't say that?
My bad
I think we can build a wall up to keep all the terrorist from Mexico
And shout out to my best friend OJ Simpson (you can't say that)
I love you OJ (you can't say that either)
And and Donald Trump 20202Embed