Savages Lyrics[Bridge]
Flats done turned a nigga savage
I swear I don't give a fuck 'bout shit now
My bitch do everything for me
I don't even give a fuck 'bout my bitch now (Fuck that!)
Got a couple labels callin' my phone
So I'm finna hit the block with a whole brick now
Make shorty 'nem get down with the get down
Standin' up for his homie, make his ass sit down
(Boom, boom, boom, boom!)
[Refrain]
Shorty, I got clout
Know you better watch your mouth
'Cause I got a couple hitters out south
That'll pop up at a nigga crib and be already in
Like they got a set of keys to your house
Got a couple hoes thick and pretty as fuck
That'll set a nigga up for a lil bit of none
And they ain't e'en—e'en got a problem with you fuckin'
After the job done, they just want they money

[Verse 1]
The real life definition of savage
Steal a nigga like he ain't want me to have it
Your bitch wanna fuck 'cause she know that your average
Designer logos be all on my fabrics
Swear I'ma go crazy on all of these tracks
I hung up in her face, why she callin' me back?
If I don't answer, she gon' keep callin' me back (Thotties, thotties)
Textin' me, like: "Why you never follow me back?" (Thotties)
They keep callin' me this, they keep callin' me that
But I don't give a fuck what a hater got to say about me
They let me off papers, got bond money on deck
So the county? They won't get a day up out me!
I got shorties tryna put in work for me, that's like 10, 11 years old
I never expected this, I used to give 'em dollars when they was like seven years old
Now, they bad ass asking me for poles
They know every word to all of my songs
Unknown numbers callin' my phone
"I ain't tryna talk, leave me alone!"
Knowin' me, I'm from the Pole, where it's cold
Really on the road somewhere doing shows
You can catch me on the Mag with the Moes
Posted on Sunnyside with some hoes
But I'm off Lawrence Ave, where the Folks be at
How you lookin' for me? Hoe, you know where we at
Not from over there, but you over there?
Don't get caught somewhere you ain't 'posed to be at!
If you hangin' with 'em, we gon' let it be that
Why you takin' pictures where you never be at?
Gotta keep that bitch on us wherever we at
If you scared, go to church, where the reverend be at!
You might also like[Hook]
And I ain't scared, nigga (Nah)
How I be lackin' if I ain't dead, nigga? (Fuck?)
I'll put a quarter pound on your head, nigga (Nah)
Watch shorty smoke it all with his friends, nigga (Dope, dope!)
Once you dead, nigga!
I'm the man, nigga
I can't stand niggas (Nah)
I used to do the hits, now I'm payin' niggas (Boom)
Six to 30, I get caught again (Nah)
But I keep that bitch on me just 'cause I can (Glah!)
And I ain't scared, nigga (Fuck?)
How I be lackin' if I ain't dead, nigga? (What the fuck?)
I'll put a quarter pound on your head, nigga
Watch shorty smoke it all with his friends, nigga (Dope, dope)
Once you dead, nigga! (Smoke some dope!)
I'm the man, nigga (What the fuck?)
I can't stand niggas
I used to do the hits, now I'm payin' niggas (Boom, boom!)
Six to 30, I get caught again (Nah)
But I keep that bitch on me just 'cause I can

[Verse 2]
Fuck a friend, I keep Spazz with me (Spazz)
'Cause y'all know my lil brother gon' blast with me (Gon' blast)
If you run, he gon' get on your ass with me
Keep my gun and some weed and some cash with me (Dope)
Fuck a bitch nigga
And his bitch, nigga (Fuck that)
Gino wet 'em up, he address niggas
Try—Try and set me up, but you missed, nigga
I'm from the Pole, where it's colder than Brisk, nigga
(Where it's freezin'!)
It's The Fucking Guys in my fuckin' eyes (TFG)
Be this way 'til the day I go fuckin' blind (PBG)
Got a couple .40's, got a couple nines
Give 'em to my shorties, show 'em where to find all the opps at
Pop that—never mind, where the cops at?
My gat, it'll knock a nigga block back
"Fuck top" I know what the thot say aaaah (Thotties!)
If you fuck around with the fuck arounds
You gon' fuck around and get fucked around
Keep the 30, I just need a couple rounds
Head shots got a nigga duckin' down
Red dots got a nigga shook
Face shots make a nigga look
I be going hard, got these niggas hooks
Spittin' only bars like a nigga booked
Me and BuDouble ridin' in a foreign
Flyin' past niggas that act like we don't know 'em
They say we gon' make it, broski, we gon' show up on they ass
Niggas, ain't got none for 'em
They say when I come through, I be performing
A heater cook a nigga like I'm George Foreman
Nina Sarafina, that's my lil bitch
She do your whole clique
I keep that bitch horny, ah!12Embed