State Ov Emerge N See Lyrics[Verse 1]
Damn, is this what Biggie and Pac died for to look forward to?
A bunch of you niggas swagged out dressin' like whores do?
Callin' niggas your hubby, rappin' high pitched like girls do
I just had to kick back and soak all of this in for a few
Niggas doing the nae nae, moving their hips like bitches
And the sad thing is, these woman right along side these niggas
Like they're twerkin it but they bestie, these hoes must be gettin' desperate
And everybody's all cool with it like being gay the new sexy
What happened to being a man, grabbin' your dick and bobbing your head
When your song come on, holdin' up your drink and holla your set
Instead these niggas put up one hand and waddle their neck
At the same time saggin' skinny jeans, wearin' silk all on their chest
Wanna look hard with the dreads but these cats ain't about tough shit
I swear to God, in a minute, next thing niggas gon be gettin' butt lifts
Believe you me, that this shit keep goin' on, y'all can trust it
And this is what our young men are supposed to look up to? I'm disgusted
[Hook]
(Boy!) Ain't your daddy ever taught ya not to be
In the streets playin' with girls
(Unless it's hide-and-go get it)
(Boy!) Ain't your mama never raised you
How to be a proper man in this world
(I guess their minds don't get it)
This is the state of emerge and see
All across the fifty states, an emergency
Callin' all real niggas to the plate
No discretion when I say "this is state of emerge and see"

[Verse 2]
Let's be honest
These niggas in full blown dresses out in broad day public
But as soon as they lay their record
Claim' that they're straight thuggin'
I don't know if it's the illuminati, got 'em out their body
Something's in the water
Turnin' these brothers into young daughters
Simply for the sake of it, nigga you's a straight sucker
Doin' anything for that fame, huh? Sold your soul for a chain, huh?
But that lifestyle had to change up
Walkin' different now, talkin' different, that asshole done got banged up
You would think you done been in the pen
For fifteen years the way that you're damed up
Let me put this shit in layman's, you's a boy Damon
Don't be talkin' about you shootin' this
And you killin' that, when you ain't, nigga
Soo-wooin' and you can't kill a cold with a Z Pack
The only time that you pack's wearin' clothes, spaghetti strapped
Now you get the picture? Stupid little nigga
Got that ass on blast, huh?
If I can help it ain't nobody gonna listen to a nigga with a vaj
Plus I know a whole lot of a females who got nuts that's bigger than you
That's on my mama, niggas better realize
What Kutty's sayin' is the truth
When he be like...
You might also like[Hook]
(Boy!) Ain't your daddy ever taught ya not to be
In the streets playin' with girls
(Unless it's hide-and-go get it)
(Boy!) Ain't your mama never raised you
How to be a proper man in this world
(I guess their minds don't get it)
This is the state of emerge and see
All across the fifty states, an emergency
Callin' all real niggas to the plate
No discretion when I say "this is state of emerge and see"

[Outro]
At the end of the day, you can do what the fuck you wanna do
And be who you wanna be
I won't knock nobody for whatever gender they are
I'm talkin' to these people out there
That's perpetrating to be hard and gangster
But on the other side doin' some different shit man
You got skeletons fallin' out that motherfucker
You're scared to be yourself
And all I'm sayin' man that shit ain't gangsta
Black Gold!Embed