Fuck the Police Lyrics[Intro: Hodgy Beats]
Yo, what the fuck?
Yo, do I hear sirens, motherfucker?
Ayo, grab the muh'fuckin' AK-47 out the trunk, nigga
Ayy, and that sawed-off, too
Hahahaha
We going to war

[Verse 1: Hodgy Beats]
Nigga, this is BlackenedWhite
Nigga, fuck the black-and-whites
Got a strap, my motherfucking bat, and knife
Can't wait 'til a cop ain't acting right
Why the fuck the Feds keep calling us?
Pulling up in trucks, carried off in a bus
Bitch, I'm smoking OG
Premeditated OC
Organized crime, I kill your boss
SK for dinner, and forget to floss
Kidnap a DT, tie his ass to a cross
Run a Cartel like a real Rick Ross
Shore-running like I'm heavy hardcore
Drive-by 207 and 11-24 (Yeah)
I'm a 417 with a bulletproof vest (What)
Bust his motherfucking head out his motherfucking neck (Yeah)
Plus 11-99 in his muthafucking chest (Yeah)
Aiming at his partner, who knowing he up next (Woo)
Or any grand thefts, man, I don't give a fuck (Woo)
Dump his dead body out of my pickup truck (Woo)
Left Brain is a 51-50 (Woo)
Reason MellowHype BlackenedWhites rollin' with me (Yeah)
R.I.P. to the cops with the goal to get me (Yeah)
I'm a 390, nigga, fucking tipsy
[Chorus]
Bitch, fuck the police, motherfuck the police (Kill 'em all)
Fuck the Five-O, nigga! Odd Future Wolf Gang in this motherfucker
Fuck the police, motherfuck the police (Fuck 'em all)
You don't know? Huh? What the fuck?
Fuck the police, motherfuck the police (Wolf Gang)
You stupid as fuck, nigga! Fuck out of here!
Fuck 'em all, kill 'em all, fuck the police (Fuck 'em)

[Verse 2: Left Brain]
I said (What?), "Fuck a cop, non-stop"
Pop the Glock, my bitch is Uffie (Bow)
Pull off in my all-black Humvee
So the pigs won't try and cuff me (What)
I'm sippin 2-11
'Bout to plan a 211
Murder your partner and put you in Heaven
Lucky number 667—I mean 666
I got six clips to the fucking duct tape
Ayy, butt rape on a female cop (Yup)
She can chew my balls, she can swallow my cock (Yup)
Try and pull me over, I will not stop (No)
22350 nigga on the block, kill him hands-down
Calling all cars, there's another man down

[Chorus]
Bitch, fuck the police, motherfuck the police (Kill 'em all)
Fuck the police, motherfuck the police (Fuck 'em all)
Fuck the police, motherfuck the police (Wolf Gang, bitch)
Fuck 'em all, kill 'em all, fuck the police
You might also like[Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator]
A couple of Sprites, but no beers
Batmobile is real hard to steer
So, on my way here, I hit a couple of queers
My windshield got hit and smashed a couple of deer
Aww, shit, the piggy is getting near
I would speed-chase, but nothing is in the clear
He's pulling to the rear, and all I fucking hear is:
"Can I see your registration?"
Fuck you, cop—you can nibble my cock
Fuck that job, been around that block
All you wanna do is get that stick
Beat me with it while the rest sit and watch
Nigga, fuck you, cracker, I put you six feet
("Ha, well, aren't you a rapper?") And I'm six feet
I'm black and I'm loud, what a damn co-winky-dink
("All right, listen, n*gger, can you please get out of the vehicle?")
Fuck you, pig! What?
("You're gonna get handcuffed, drove to the station
And get a couple years inside of the prison")
Why? So I can get shanked up and get butt-fucked?
("Yeah") Well, that's not happening, Captain
Not this time, nigga—bap! bap! bap! bap!
("Houston, we have a n*gger down
And the nigga that did it loves them gun sounds")
Pow, pow, pow, pow!
Bust triple-six rounds
Now that's six cops found on that ground
All I wanted to do was get that trick down
That sick set, tryna get my kickflips wet
("But no, po-po did not wanna see—")
That O-F-W motherfucking G
Nigga, this Wolf Gang, fuck LAPD (Fuck cops)9Embed