Genius Korea Community’s Favorite Songs Of 2021 Lyrics"0X1=LOVESONG (I Know I Love You)" - TOMORROW X TOGETHER ft. SeoriOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
After the success of minisode1, came a new chapter for the group being FREEZE. Of course, being TXT, they experiment with each comeback and this one makes you go, "Like, oh my god, so holy." The lead song, "0X1=LOVESONG (I Know I Love You)" is an emo rock style song with an anthemic and powerful instrumental. The amazing chorus and beat will definitely be one where you scream out the lyrics at the beginning of dusk, in the car (carefully, of course, safety is first), or vibing to it at 3 am to get in the feels. Just makes you wanna go like this. But don't be fooled by the melody, because the lyrics are truly on to break your heart. Being written and composed by Danke (lalala studio), “hitman” Bang, Melanie Joy Fontana, MOD SUN, RM, and Slow Rabbit (just to name a few), it is surely one of the group's best songs yet! The lyrics are emotional and romantic, centering on a person struggling for love. The strong concept and emotional lyrics are amplified by the hidden details in the music video. When it came out, you bet I was sobbing by the visuals of the music video and the lyrics. It made me fall in love with TXT all over again! Now then, better get back to something......."ˢᵃʸ ʸᵒᵘ ˡᵒᵛᵉ ᵐᵉ, ˢᵃʸ ʸᵒᵘ ˡᵒᵛᵉ ᵐᵉ...."

—Hobschiske"술버릇 (운전만해 그후) (After We Ride)" - Brave GirlsOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
While Brave Girls quickly reclaimed their title as Summer Queens with their hit single “Chi Mat Ba Ram” and viral sensation “Rollin’,” their best song came with the release of “술버릇 (운전만해 그후) (After We Ride).” A sequel to their 2020 city pop single “We Ride,” the new song is a shimmering display of their talents. Featuring the girls' dreamy vocals and harmonies over a synth-wave beat. The song also infuses a little bit of rock which was quite trendy this year. The track draws upon all the new trends without overdoing them. The music video and the lyrics of the song compliment the sonic production of the song that describes the emotional journey following a breakup. The track finds the girls embodying their name. While they are heartbroken over a breakup, they end the song with the realization that they are brave enough to overcome the heartbreak. This realization is also represented in the music video, shown with member Yuna dancing in the rain being carefree, and Eunji burning the bouquet she held on to. "술버릇 (운전만해 그후) (After We Ride)" not only showcases diversity in their discography but also maturity and reminds listeners that they are senior artists in the industry and not just a one-hit-wonder act.

—ssaa10dec"Alcohol-Free" - TWICEOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Ever since the release of "Fancy", TWICE keeps surprising us comeback after comeback by trying different sounds. After offering their own take on tropical house with "More & More," exploring a more retro, Dua Lipa-esque vibe on "I Can't Stop Me," and finally showing a darker side with "Cry for Me," they are now back with a summer song that feels really unique, "Alcohol-Free." The unexpected association of bossa nova with hip-hop (!) works amazingly well and creates a refreshing atmosphere that I haven't experienced in other K-pop songs. The members' vocals particularly shine, with smooth vocalizations at the end of each sentence. Listening to the track takes me away from my daily life for a while and I find myself chilling on a sunbed with a cocktail in hand—whether a mojito, margarita or alcohol-free beverage—exactly what a good summer song is supposed to make you feel like, right?
—ab212"Boom" - DPR LIVE ft. DPR IANOriginal Song
"Boom" is a sexy song full of fun melodies and summer vibes. This track is my favorite from DPR LIVE's EP IITE COOL and it features DPR IAN, whose album I'm obsessed with (and in my opinion is AOTY). Having the two together again after "No Blueberries" was definitely a treat. They are absolute musical geniuses. During your first listen, you would never expect the alt-rock interlude with angsty and vulnerable lyrics. This builds all the way up to finally explode back into the main song like a true rollercoaster, leaving you with the same feeling of adrenaline when the ride is over.

—EleventhCassette"Butter" - BTSOriginal Song
I was very excited and looked forward to "Butter" as soon as BTS announced its release.  And as I thought, they didn't disappoint me. It was a great song and I can't stop listening to it ever since.  For me, the best part of the song is the chorus & verse 3 (especially SUGA's rap part), I also love the instrumental part after the second chorus. RM's songwriting made the song feel even more personal. I believe this song has better proved BTS' success and it showed how perfect BTS are. The music video is a visual treat and all the members looked amazing. With "Butter," BTS has once again given us fans a summer anthem to vibe all year long.

—a'A"Cloud" - WavyCake ft. Donutman & ClavitaOriginal Song
A single that was included in his third full-length album BAGGAGE. At first, I didn't think the collaboration would happen, but I was sure it would be catchy since WavyCake, as well as Clavita—an uprising R&B singer with distinct sounds—are known for that. The chorus that was brought by Clavita is perfectly stuck in my head due to its witty lyrics, and Donutman made sure to enhance their chemistry.

—sa44"Drunk-Dazed" - ENHYPENOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Admittedly, I am not the biggest fan of ENHYPEN; when Drunk-Dazed came out, I had already put the group off to the side, despite having watched the entirety of i-land. However, "Drunk-Dazed's" horror carnival concept really helped me hit the nail on defining what kind of a group ENHYPEN is; before, as a casual listener, I often felt as if ENHYPEN and other boy groups sometimes overlapped in sound and concept. "Drunk-Dazed" flowed very naturally and never lost the momentum gained by the bass starting in the first verse, despite the melodic verses, chorus, and bridge all sounding distinctively different. The chorus is simply phenomenal: the repetition of the lyrics conforms to the song's concept and makes you feel like you're stuck on a carnival ride, and the high pitched variations in the lyrics convey a wonderful anomaly to conformity, but never jarring nor frightening. The dynamic, yet sharp choreography of "Drunk-Dazed" takes the song one step further to showcase the ability of HYBE and ENHYPEN to seamlessly weave together the music and the arts.

—ANC613"End of the World" - EPIK HIGH ft. G.Soul Original Song | Romanization | English Translation
The golden voice of Korea (puns intended) teamed up with my favorite South Korean trio, Epik High, on Epik High Is Here 上. Despite that the album is packed with high-quality music, this ballad is one of the best songs on off it. The song asks, 'What if the end of the world comes? What will be the most important then?' what hits harder in uncertain times we are living in now. The rough rap of the questions asked paired with GSoul's soothing vocals really hits differently, and makes it feel even nostalgic. But this song, contrary to appearances, is not sad, and the conclusion is that after all, you have to dream, love and live life to the fullest, as if there was no tomorrow, even if the world is dark and things seems out of control.

—siannve"Film out" - BTSOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Not everyone knows, but BTS are masters in creating atmospheric soundtracks, and so it was this time. "Film out" is the fourth BTS' song made for the Japanese cinematography (after "Don't Leave Me," "Stay Gold," and "Your Eyes Tell"), and acts as the main theme for the film Signal: Long-Term Unsolved Case Investigation Team. This moving ballad, co-written by Jung Kook, really shows off their vocal abilities and proves that they can sing and rap in any language—the harmonies, the flows, not a single one feeling out of place in the song. The song is filled with emotions and soulful vocals, and I'm sure it'll have a special place in many hearts. Despite being sung in Japanese, it has topped the charts in over 100 countries, including the world's biggest music markets, such as the US, Japan, and the UK.

—siannve"First" - EVERGLOWOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
For girl groups with powerful concepts, EVERGLOW is a name that should come to mind. The sextet has explored many different genres, such as powerful military-style "Adios" and retro "La Di Da." With "FIRST," EVERGLOW continues to prove they are aiming for the top, while also being the "firsts" exploring varieties of power concepts. "FIRST" is a powerful trap-EDM track that makes me feel like I'm about to face off against the final boss in a video game (which may as well be EVERGLOW). Even with a new concept, the song is still so EVERGLOW and it shows off the girls' talents quite well. Leader Sihyeon got a big share of the vocal parts, allowing her to show off her vocals alongside Mia. Onda, lacking recognition throughout their career, got the center position for the dance break. Aisha and Yiren made the stage theirs with their amazing charisma. And main rapper E:U, though short, had an extremely memorable rap part, adding the last bit of spice needed to make "FIRST" one of the most powerful songs of 2021.

—PlanNine"Gone" - ROSÉOriginal Song
Rosé's vocals on the songs of BLACKPINK generally packs a punch and have a certain attitude to it. But, ever since hearing her part on the bridge of "Lovesick Girls", I was craving for the soulful and emotional side of it. And "Gone" delivered exactly that. When I first heard the teaser of the song, I was immediately in love with the melancholic and slow guitar strums, and the chorus was also already latched onto my mind. And when she performed the song on THE SHOW, it immediately solidified its position on my top favorite songs of all time. Every time I hear the song, a breeze of nostalgia sweeps over me. And despite the lyrics talking about hardships and pain, it gives me warm waves of comfort.

—Nosyneko"I Can't" - CitiOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
You might have seen this artist posting covers of popular songs by your favorite artists. The R&B singer-songwriter Citi has been slowly gaining traction on social media for his mellow sound and soothing vocals. Released earlier this year, "I Can't" is a heartfelt R&B jam with a somber yet hopeful message. A track about not giving up on a loved one, "I Can't" is a slow-burning track that goes back to his simple songwriter roots carving an intimate space for him and his listeners. Citi's soft sound is paving him to be an artist to look out for in the upcoming year.

—ssaa10dec"LAST WALTZ" - TWICEOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
"Last Waltz" had an interesting trajectory for me. This left me astonished on the first listen. That orchestral melody became one of the highlights, plus their exceptional vocals proved they could pull off a certain kind of style that TWICE rarely unveils. This is the kind of song I’ve always manifested for them to include again in their discography after “Cry For Me." The song blossoms into a pleasurable track that brings a hailing shot of seductiveness. If I had it my way, I’d bump up the track’s beat and dance to it.

—Deign_Paul_Archie"Life Is Still Going On" - NCT DREAMOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Seeing the reactions to the song online, “Life Is Still Going On” really captivates every listener’s heart. The grip that this song has on me makes me so happy, and because of that, I bop to it all the time. It’s a pretty, aural-leaning tempo track, that is made more engaging by its standout raps; the song succeeds on the strength of its groove. After a flimsy, languid verse, the track’s chorus sets its rhythm and is definitely a song to vibe to. I admire the variety of textures and structures used because the song gives a fun sense of interplay, made even more fitting with a fair dose of blessed ad-libs. The finished product feels like the soundtrack to a peaceful scene.

—Deign_Paul_Archie"LOTUS (H1GHR Remix)" - Jay Park, JMIN, BIG Naughty, pH-1, TRADE L, Woodie Gochild, JAY B & PARK HYEON JINOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
H1GHR MUSIC's Jay Park, JMIN, BIG Naughty, pH-1, TRADE L, Woodie Gochild, JAY B, and Park Hyeon Jin teamed up and released a remix of FORCEPARKBOIS' "LOTUS." The original song was released by the Malaysian 15-member hip-hop collective in the February this year, and made a hit with millions views and streams both on YouTube and Spotify. The remix, released only on YouTube, doesn't go for a commercial success, but instead of that focus on showcasing exceptional hip-hop skills of artists involved, and on praising the South East Asian rap scene, what Jay Park accents in his verse. The song samples the original chorus and adds the unique verses from H1GHR's hip-hop and R&B artists, and while each of them has a distinct style, they all together sound smooth, and none of them disappoints. The Korean remix follows other all-stars rap remixes from across the region—"LOTUS (Singapore Remix)" and "LOTUS (Brunei Remix)."

—siannve"월하미인 (月下美人: LUNA)" - ONEUSOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
With the widespread globalization of music, this year saw pop music continue to redefine itself, thanks to a slew of captivating fusion hits. Korean boy group ONEUS released one such track, “월하미인 (月下美人: LUNA).” A traditional Korean song infused with nu-disco and city-pop beats, “월하미인 (月下美人: LUNA)” combines many different cultures, making for an infectious pop hit unlike any you’ve heard before. Written by the group’s members, “월하미인 (月下美人: LUNA)” makes reference to the Queen of the Night, a rare species of cactus that blooms only at night and wilts before dawn. The Chinese phrase in the title can be translated to “beauty under the moon.” Together, the two titles exemplify the powerful sentiment explored throughout the song. The power of the song can be seen as it earned the group their first-ever music show win and lots of critical praise by music lovers across the globe.
—ssaa10dec"Magic Carpet Ride" - NCT 127Original Song | Romanization | English Translation
R&B is a genre that NCT 127 has grown comfortable with since debut, but still, they are always able to be innovative with it. Dynamism, talent, and years-long expertise are shown through "Magic Carpet Ride," a distinctive piece that features NCT 127's ability to tell a sweet love story chaperoned by their velvety, skilled vocals and low-paced rap. From the first listen, the audience can easily be swept away by the song's warm ambiance, which is enhanced by the emotions and devotion that emanates from each member as the bridge and last chorus arrives. The multilayered 2000s inspired sound is recognizable and provides an enjoyable atmosphere while NCT 127's main vocalists seamlessly help connect one verse to another. Among every R&B-based release of NCT 127, "Magic Carpet Ride" easily paves its way as one of the most memorable and special tracks, as the group's polished teamwork is effortlessly detected and admired.

—loveholic"MAVERICK" - THE BOYZOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Slowly but surely achieving international success, THE BOYZ had two well-received comebacks in 2021. While "THRILL RIDE," the first, was a summery and vibey song, the more recent "MAVERICK" takes the cake as their most intense title track, sporting a darker concert than they have ever done before. The song's narrative centers around a maverick—someone who is independent and does not conform to societal standards—accompanied by a survival game concept that is reminiscent of Netflix hit 오징어 게임 (Squid Game), which blew up a month prior to the song's release. The music video portrays this concept well, with members in intense confrontations with one another, leaving us on edge to see where this plot will lead. Aside from standing out amongst the crowd, the song showcases the group's many strengths. The verse progression alternates between fierce rapping to strong vocals, eventually leading into an intense chorus with their signature synchronized choreography. Overall, this is one of THE BOYZ's strongest comebacks and is definitely a sign of success for them in 2022.

—PlanNine"Next Level" - aespaOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
After already being heralded as "monster rookies" thanks to their November 2020 song "Black Mamba," aespa truly shine on follow-up single "Next Level," which reimagines A$ton Wyld’s 2019 song of the same name. While "Black Mamba" served as more of an intro to aespa’s half-digital concept, "Next Level" lets Giselle and Karina show off their rap skills while Ningning and Winter highlight their fluttering vocals, with different sections of the song taking inspiration from different genres. It’s proof that the success of "Black Mamba" was more than just beginner’s luck, and that aespa is here to stay as one of the most promising new girl groups.

—VinylZombie_MCR"Odd Eye" - DREAMCATCHEROriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
In late January, DREAMCATCHER came back in full force with their title track "Odd Eye" from their EP Dystopia: Road To Utopia, the end of their 'Dystopia' trilogy. "Odd Eye" starts off with strong and mysterious melodies, the lyrics portraying how humans keep chasing a perfect world that doesn't exist—a Utopia. The pre-chorus builds the song up with haunting synth sounds until the chorus drops with one of the coolest guitar riffs ever. As a breaker, Dami's rap verse has a more electronic vibe, and my favorite lyrics in the song, "Struggling with meaninglessness, we seemed to be in the same place again with endless thirst. No matter how you chase a mirage, it's not there." In the bridge, I always imagine that's how DREAMCATCHER would sound like after a big explosion, a breaking point where they've realized their reality and lost all hope. I love the choreography at this part, leading to the girls' powerful spinning jump in the last chorus. Vocally, the highlights there are Yoohyeon's and Siyeons's harmonies and backing vocals, landing the song to a breathtaking end. Besides the musical aspect of the track, the music video for "Odd Eye" is the best film release of DREAMCATCHER so far. The girl group has always had great music video concepts, but now they've perfected them with amazing direction, special effects, artsy sets, and cyberpunk imagery. With the conclusion of the 'Dystopia' series, I can't wait to see what else DREAMCATCHER has in store for us.

—EleventhCassette"Paint Me Naked" - TENOriginal Song
The perfect demonstration of Ten's attributes as an artist is conveyed through "Paint Me Naked." Not only is it bright, with its addictive beat and changing colors, but it also showcases Ten's creativity and devotion for his art, as he took part in the creative process of the release. As a fan of Ten, there is nothing more inspiring and awe-inducing than seeing him reinvent himself with every work of his, and it is easy to tell that he is always trying to challenge himself and go on new adventures. May it be either his spotless work ethic, the power that the pop-rock song oozes, or the facility with which Ten can belt out high notes and lighten up a gloomy mood through his charisma and dancing abilities, but "Paint Me Naked" is a delightful piece that brings out the best of Ten and showcases him as one of the most complete performers out there.

—loveholic"PTT (Paint The Town)" - LOONAOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
"PTT (Paint The Town)" is probably the song that I was most excited about so far this year (alongside "Like It Hot" by GWSN). It was really exciting since member Haseul, who was put on hiatus for over a year, was returning. This was my first comeback with her and it definitely made me like the song more. The song features a catchy Bollywood instrumental and honestly was really different from what I expected. The bridge along with the pre-chorus were the best parts of the song in my opinion. I also adore the part that Go Won and Vivi share. There is also a Japanese version of the song, so if you enjoy listening to J-pop more, I would recommend that version. The chorus has an easy-to-listen beat drop which compliments the piece a lot. The lyrics to this song provide confidence as LOONA always has inspiring lyrics that will make you feel like a badass. "PTT (Paint The Town)" is a song that I'd recommend if you enjoy strong concepts.

—seokyoung"Ready to love" - SEVENTEENOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Thematically SEVENTEEN’s “Ready to love” was one of the most interesting takes on romantic love this year. “Ready to love” is as much a statement as it is an offer. The ‘me’ of the song is offering themselves and their love to the one they love. If this love will reach fulfillment is up to them. It is, as the album is aptly titled, “Your Choice”. This situation leads to a song filled with a nervous but hopeful energy, that is exemplified through the steady beat which pushes the song forward like a pulsating heart. Anxiety and anticipation swell, as more and more instruments, kick in towards the chorus, needing a release or catharsis. Additionally, the choreography is probably one of SEVENTEEN’s most elegant ones to date, reminiscent of “Fallin’ Flower” or “Don’t Wanna Cry” in its combination of difficult moves, flowing gestures, and narrative formations. It perfectly encapsulates the emotional vulnerability of putting yourself out there, unsure whether one will be accepted or rejected. The song doesn’t indicate what the choice is or ought to be. Instead, it leaves the listener on a reverberation that feels like an empty space, as one anxiously anticipates a response.

—sianii"왜 만나 (Rollercoaster)" - DKBOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Backed by strong synths that lay a nice foundation for DKB's powerful vocal and rap lines, "왜 만나 (Rollercoaster)" was an interesting choice for a comeback single. Relying on lo-fi R&B beats, "왜 만나 (Rollercoaster)" is quite different from typical boy group title tracks which is what makes it stand out in the crowd. The soothing track is perfect for looping during study sessions or being played on chill summer nights by the beach. The looping factor feeds into the song's theme which is about repetition and the cycle of pain in relationships. The music video accompanying the song is a visual masterpiece that captivates its viewers from the start. With a powerful and diverse discography under their belt, "왜 만나 (Rollercoaster)" is a great addition to DKB's roster of songs.

—ssaa10dec"Spider" - HOSHIOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
It is kind of hard for me to believe that “Spider” is Hoshi’s first proper solo release. Hoshi’s command throughout the song and the track’s ability to lure in its listeners like a spider to its prey is one of the many reasons why I love the song. Weaved over a sultry electric guitar, “Spider” lets Hoshi shine not only as a performer but also as a vocalist. With 13 members in the group, Seventeen songs often struggle with the vocal part distribution. With a solo release, Hoshi is once again able to remind listeners of his talent as a singer. The music video and the song’s insane choreography are other highlights of this debut for me. From his forehead (God bless his stylist) to the upside-down acrobatics, the music video was filled with moments that fans can instantly fall in love with. With “Spider,” Hoshi proves why he was chosen as the performance leader in Seventeen and also makes his impact as a soloist with tremendous potential.

—ssaa10dec"색안경 (STEREOTYPE)" - STAYCOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Riding the success of the ever-catchy "ASAP", "색안경 (STEREOTYPE)", STAYC's second comeback of the year, cemented the group's status as an up-and-coming 4th gen girl group, despite the small size of their company. Produced by HighUp CEO Black Eyed Pilseung and Jeon Goon, this future bass electronic-pop track was destined for success, and indeed delivered STAYC their first three music show wins as a group. The song's lyrics present a message about not wearing tinted glasses - not coming into a situation with predisposed stereotypes and thinking outside the box without judging people by their looks. In typical STAYC fashion, their outstanding vocals, particularly in ISA's bridge solo, also blew up on TikTok after the song's release, accelerating their rise to popularity even further. As a group that can't seem to make a bad song (though their debut track was "SO BAD"😉), I cannot wait to see what STAYC has in store for us in the coming year.

—LukeNolastname"슈퍼 참치 (Super Tuna)" - JinOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Released on the celebration of his 29th birthday, without any promotion, and with the performance video shot quickly at the theme park he was visited during his spare time, it was simply co-written, produced, and recorded spontaneously by Jin. All that because this upbeat one-minute trot song supposed to be "just" a small surprise-gift shared by Jin with the ARMYs (BTS' fans). Little did he know because this hilarious ode to his love for fishing is an instant bop and took the world by a storm. "Super Tuna" has been trending #1 on YouTube under the Music category for 16 days straight, what has never been done by any Korean soloist before. The song has also made its mark on Billboard Top 10 Hot Trending Songs. Moreover, it has inspired several memes, as well as a dance challenge, where people show their renditions of the 'super tuna dance' (which was choreographed by Jin himself)—from the TikTok celebs and Baby Shark creators to real tuna factory workers and the South Korea's Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries (currently, the #SuperTuna TikTok hashtag accumulated over 200 million views). The song made even unexpected waves like Korean news outlets covering serious reportage with the experts to break down the song, or leading to surge in sales of nautical dog toys. But despite all of these achievements, most of all, "Super Tuna" is a remarkable mood enhancer and reflects one of the lesser-known to general public but wonderful sides of Jin's character. Now there is nothing left but to wait for the second verse.

—siannve"The Dreaming" - MONSTA XOriginal Song
The closing track from MONSTA X's second English language album, "The Dreaming" is one of the most beautiful tracks in the group's discography. With a somber tone, the track stands in contrast with most of the album. The track's bittersweet sentiment is one that resonates the most with listeners. "The Dreaming" brings out the sensitive side of MONSTA X while giving some food for thought, particularly for those with starry ambitions. The song encapsulates the group's journey quite well who have many 'trophies to show' for their achievements, but their real achievement is their growth over the past six years. The song features some of the group's best vocal performances which amplify the heartfelt message of the lyrics, especially the chorus which sings "Is finding the gold worth losing the rainbow? / The colors are there / Are they the same though?"

—ssaa10dec"소리꾼 (Thunderous)" - Stray KidsOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
After a massively successful 2020, Stray Kids made their 2021 comeback a bang, proving once again they are K-Pop trendsetters. "소리꾼 (Thunderous)," is a high-energy hip-hop track, with stylish raps and a strong vocal buildup to a catchy hook and a danceable chorus drop. The song's concept and uniqueness comes from the wordplay of "소리꾼" which doubles as "noise maker" and a term for traditional Korean singers of 판소리 (pansori). In the song, Stray Kids dub themselves as the "noise makers," going with the theme of their "noisy" album, NOEASY. They will not conform to a mold that is expected of them and will continue making their music (their noise). The song incorporates several elements of traditional Korean music in the song and the music video, with Changbin rapping in a 판소리 (pansori) flow and instruments including drums, cymbals, gongs, and other percussion and woodwind instruments. Stray Kids are always finding new ways to express themselves through their music, and the take they took this year is definitely one to remember.

—PlanNine"Vanilla" - KAIOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
Following the song's name, KAI's honey voice shines on the mellow-sounding "Vanilla," a melodiously intimate track that highlights the artist's best elements as a vocalist. The slow-paced yet sensual ambiance of the song draws the listener right in, with an ethereal, almost soothing feeling of being inside an idyll taking place. As KAI switches to a higher register, the emotions conveyed match the song's charming and well-thought-out lyricism. The track's repetitive hook is nothing but addicting, as the built-up adlibs and skillful falsetto soften it out and help build a solid piece that gracefully gains more likability the more you listen to it. Although Peaches is only KAI's second project as a soloist, "Vanilla" demonstrates the performer's vast experience within the music industry, as he confidently created a track that can go along with the album's dreamy concept but can also stand out on its own.

—loveholic"Zombie" - PURPLE KISSOriginal Song | Romanization | English Translation
From Dosie’s first “bie-bie-bie” there is no getting away from this infectious earworm. Purple Kiss’ first comeback after their debut in March of this year manifested them further as a promising artist to keep an eye on. “Zombie” is an electronic dance-pop track with a pushing beat and just the right amount of smart ideas to be interesting and clever instead of overladen. Like the little adlib at the end of the song’s intro or the electric guitar riff that bridges the gap between verses and chorus. A very charming idea was also the aegyo added to the line delivery of “아이 깜짝이야!” by Ireh and Jieun. This cute brightness is woven through the whole song and is one of the reasons that make it such a continuously pleasurable listen. Visually the juxtaposition of the rotting undead and the mood of the song is perfectly translated into a bright and colorful music video which includes neon green brains and a hungry mob chasing the members until nothing but Dosie’s skeleton remains. Very aptly called bubblegum horror by a friend of mine, “Zombie” is an all-around fun time that makes you want to listen to the song again and again or learn that cool zombie movie from the choreography.

—sianii1Embed