Couldn’t Be Done Lyrics[Intro: Freddie Gibbs]
Yeah, you feel me?
We rented out the whole top floor, ya dig?
South Beach, tsk, turn me up, Thirst
I had— I had all— I had to get all my hoes here
Everybody needed a room
Damn, yeah (I was just too jiggy)
Big Rabbit (Yeah-yeah)
They said we couldn't do this shit like— (Yeah-yeah, yeah, a-yeah-yeah)
Yeah-yeah, a-yeah, a-yeah
[Verse: Freddie Gibbs]
They done let the VLs in the do', uh
Used to sleep on the air mattress, my big strap on the floor, uh
Big homie would sell me shit, hеard the west coast got that coke, uh
Fuck niggas see mе now, I chuck the deuces and I float
On them motherfuckin' rubber bands, jump straight out the pot straight to a clucker hand
Bitch, it's strictly business, fuck your homie, I'm your pusha man
They say talking reckless on this shit might get me booked again
Dropped another album, CoKain Rabbit got 'em shook again
Gary niggas, you either with us or you against us
They tried to play us 'cause the Jacksons barely came to visit
They had the Big Lord locked in Westville, yeah, I made them visits
You back outside, it's time for you to play a new position
Fuck them niggas, I still wish them well because I love them niggas
Bulletproof the fleet, I'm in these streets but it's hard to touch a nigga
Next up, I might slay 'em in Cullinans, different colors, nigga
Big Rabbit, I had to Phonte 'em, I little brother niggas (Blackness!)

[Interlude: Freddie Gibbs]
You feel me? You know what I'm sayin'?
Had to little brother, had to, you know what I'm sayin'?
Pee-wee Herman, you're little pee-wee, you know what I mean?
Show you how small you is, you know what I'm sayin'?
Compared to the Big Rabbit, you know what I'm sayin'?
The Big Lord
Different color hoes, you know what I'm sayin'? Sorry, Umar
They said I couldn't do it
But I did it
Make it, bitch
You might also like[Chorus: Kelly Price & Freddie Gibbs]
They say it couldn't be done (Yeah)
Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, they said I couldn't make it
They didn't know I'm God's favorite
You said you'd forgive me
We knew what it could be
With you by my side
But, Jesus, I'm gon' rise
Couldn't be done
We will make it, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
They said it couldn't be done

[Outro]
Welcome to the Triple-S Hotel Resort and Casino, where your pleasure is our priorityEmbed