Can’t Stand Still Lyrics[Intro: Various]
Odd Machines, Volume 2: Ansible

Food, shelter, sex, and single-malt scotch whiskey
I mean, I try not to be too destructive
Heaven I think. Sometimes. I'm not really sure
You go into the ground and that's pretty much it
Believe that there is that separation. I don't want to be hanging out with them the whole time if I'm-
See outside of the world and outside of yourself
Something outside of our bodies
Spend money
Have some differences
I... I wouldn't even. To anybody
To a positive place. So it's like... they never made a move, never made a shift
That's kind of where I'm at with it right now
I just... I just... think of them as two different realms
I just have to keep doing this or I'll die

[Verse 1: Gripp]
Every day I shed skin and molt feathers
Like reupholstering a sofa and stripping the old leather
Figure I'll move from Atlanta, go back to the cold weather
'cos the timing ain't getting no better. Check it:
Every day I rip the bandages off, 'cos I'd rather bleed
And manage the cost than be scared and unprepared for the loss
The advantage is gone. I strive for greatness
And replace parts of me like it's cyborg maintenance
Like... I used to deal with being nerdy and anxious
With shell-toe and backpack security blankets
But even before "Head in the Cloud" dropped, I stripped them
And started to heal without them, no docs prescription
I learned it from evolution: a gradual change
A revolution aiming to repattern the brain
And it's a nuisance to do it, but I use it to stop inertia
And misery. Burning bits of me ensures the plasticity

[Hook]
I've been there; I've done that
Left my mark on it and I've come back
I'm searching for some fact
'cos I know that there's more than one path
No routine; who wants that
When there's so much potential untapped?
I... I...
I can't stand still
You might also like[Verse 2]
I've got a secret. You can keep my secret, can't you?
I'm still a boy inside of this man suit
Inside of a damn suit and tie, I feel noosed
As soon as I'm let loose, I could move the sky
And the coup de grace was the acute desire
To surprise those who excuse the lies
But not with a time sheet and an albatross
Counting off how much will an hour cost
I just had to bounce is all. Guess I couldn't handle the stress
Of hiding this animal flesh, too manic depressed
And plus too concerned with making cash. Don't want to break my ass
For a place to crash; that's something I can't accept
I took a stand and left, came back to man a desk
I re-enrolled in school, taught myself to panic less
Uh... so if you're thinking of messing with me
You should know that I'm burning, got a second degree
Get it?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
No record deal and no major label
No help from VH1, so fuck your basic cable
Fuck waiting tables and waiting for a red carpet
If I want the best harvest, I've got to get started
Create the next market for rap and carve it
From the garbage and the carcass and ash they've been calling art and get back
Uh... I never lame-spit, I'm nice with a flow
But I'll be damned if I make the same disc twice in a row
Show my life and my growth when I spit a verse
And hope that you will walk with me slow through Middle Earth
It's supposed to get absurd, supposed to hit a nerve
Supposed to dig the skeletons up and to disinter
I think I figured out a new way to approach it
A new range of emotions, food sating the locusts
So I got the mic and Dylan'll take the keyboard
The rap version of Eeyore is back in the booth to record again
[Outro: Various]
What is an "ansible"?
It is...
I have no idea what "ansible" is
A type of insect
I have no idea what an "ansible" is
It looks like an ant, but it's got wings
That is my guess
It sounds like some sort of robot taking over the world

An "ansible" is the communication system that was developed for intergalactic colonies
It's kind of like the internet, but for space

Yeah, so when we started colonizing worlds, it allowed us to do instantaneous communicationEmbed