HOUDINI Lyrics[Intro: Travis Scott & Playboi Carti]
Ooh (What the fuck they on, man?)
(Beep, beep, beep, beep)
What? What? Uh, what?
Ooh (Hold up, yeah, hold up)
Ooh (Hold up, yeah, what? Check it out, slatt)
Ooh (Yeah, what? What? Yeah)
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
[Verse 1: Travis Scott & Playboi Carti]
Moved at me, you moved with caution (What? Yeah)
Uh, 512, she ball from Austin (Ooh, it's lit)
Uh, watchin' Family Guy, no way to pause it (Alright)
Yeah, heard the voicemail and she damn near lost it (What?)
Hear the silence, hear the water from the faucet (Straight up, phew)
One, two, three, we lasted longer than an auction (Yeah, yeah)
Thought I sold it, but it ain't no way she bought it (Yeah)
Time to fill up the 'Wood with narcotics (It's lit)
Yeah, I'm up in the trees if you need me (In the trees)
Yeah, back up and the gang go for a three-peat (Alright)
Yeah, back up off the gang, man, we need three feet (Three)
While I mix up the magic, Houdini (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Playboi Carti & Travis Scott]
I'm in the 9 (Ooh)
I'm in the 9
I'm in the 9 (Ooh)
I'm in the 9
Yeah, reppin' the 9, yeah
Yeah, I'm in my prime
Ayy, yeah, we in the grind
Breakin' it down
I just left Houston, ooh, yeah
Meet me at Travis' spot, ooh
We at the Batcave, yeah
We at the pitstop, yeah
I got these dreadlocks, yeah
I'm in the big block, yeah
I'm in that rich spot, yeah
You in the fed spot, ooh
I feel like the only one, hold up
They callin' me deadstock, ayy
These niggas be holdin' their tongue, hold up
They don't be sayin' a lot
I'm in a bloody spot, uh (Slatt)
I'm in a bloody spot, what? (Slatt)
I'm in a dirty spot, huh (Slatt)
I'm in a bloody spot, uh (Slatt)
I'm in the trap, I'm in the back, I'm in the birdy spot, uh
Got a little dirty thot, ayy
She come with a dirty spot, ayy
That come with a dirty pot, yeah
I need the dirty with pop, yeah
I need a bitty with pop, yeah
All of my bitches gon' pop, yeah (What? Pop, pop, what?)
(Ooh, what?)You might also like18Embed