MMM MMM Lyrics[Intro]
Yeah, yeah
Mmm, mmm-mmm (Ooh)
Ooh, he want that mhm (Kali)
ATL Jacob, ATL Jacob (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1]
He want my number, had to hit him with the mmm-mmm
Fantasizing, got him fiendin' for this mhm (Ooh)
Thick thighs got him bustin' out the jeans
Yeah, real dope vibe, turn these niggas into fiends
Yeah, I like them nasty, uh-huh-huh (Yeah, yeah)
Bad bitch having cake, let him eat it for lunch (Eat it up)
Make a movie on the dick, I'ma film my stunts (Yeah, yeah)
And you can have that nigga back soon as I get done
Ooh, freak nasty, these bitches won't at me
Stomp a bitch head evеn though I keep it classy (Yeah)
Bitches lookin' pressеd because I'm cute, they wanna bash me (What?)
Can't argue 'bout a nigga who like bitches with a fatty
[Chorus]
Can I post you on my page? Mmm-mmm (Nah, nah)
Spend the night at my place? Mmm-mmm (Hell nah)
Call a broke nigga bae? Mmm-mmm (Fuck no)
He gon' do just what I say, mhm (Yeah)

[Verse 2]
Don't you know I'm that bitch, nigga? (Don't you know I'm that bitch?)
You wanna hit, well, I need trips, nigga (I need a motherfuckin' trip)
New crib, rich nigga, it ain't shit to him (Yeah, yeah)
STK, Oceanaire, I'm a big spender, big tipper
Goyard, Chrome Heart tags (Yeah)
Chanel No. 9s with the shoes to match (Okay)
Make the neighbors call PETA when he beat up the cat (Yeah, yeah)
We gon' fuck in different angles, but my favorite the back
Bougie bitch still screaming, "Where the hood niggas at?" (Where they at?)
Yeah, he Nike Tech fitted with the TEC in his lap (TEC in his lap)
Left hand on the wheel, right hand on the cat (Ooh)
Got a nigga out West, tell him bring in the pack
I need two hundred for this occasion (Two hundred)
Fuck you callin' me your girl and we ain't datin'? (What the fuck?)
He been tryna fuck for months and still waitin' (And he still gon')
I told him just like his money, I can't save him (Finna blow his bag)

[Chorus]
Can I post you on my page? Mmm-mmm
Spend the night at my place? Mmm-mmm
Call a broke nigga bae? Mmm-mmm
He gon' do just what I say, mhm
Can I post you on my page? Mmm-mmm
Spend the night at my place? Mmm-mmm
Call a broke nigga bae? Mmm-mmm
He gon' do just what I say, mhm
You might also like[Outro]
Mmm-mmm
Mmm-mmm
Mmm-mmm
Mhm1Embed