Red Flags Lyrics[Intro]
Will you come with me and love me well?
Fill this empty cup, this lonely shell
Help me to find a better life
I'm mother fuckin color blind...

[Verse 1]
Reading Deepak Chopra
I've been sober since the holding tank
Thought I was Superman ridin around with Lois Lane
She tries to keep her poker face, but she's gettin beat on
And when all your friends got shoulder pains when you're supposed to lean on this
Guzzle, guzzle, pop, pop
Stop fucking with this "onomat-peons" don't you watch
What it's doing to you
They're not moving with you
They're just moving through you
Get up out the way before they do it to you
Hard-headed with the soft spot for burglars robbin' you of your jewels
You're like a watchdog who got lost in his own damn household
Dancing in the heat til you get knocked out cold
Your intro isn't done so why the fuck can I hear your outro?
I'm out yo, cause I think I'm too invested in somebody shady so I need some proof before I mess with you
But I think I got it
Couple run ins with your exes too
Many pilots in the cockpit, is it true?
Empty the pockets of your past
I'm looking for loose change
Letting the noose hang on some new things
My sun shines, I don't do rain
But all I see is lightning bolts
What the fuck is you I saying?
Man shit, what the fuck am I saying?
[Bridge]
Girl... hold on...
Yea... what the fuck am I saying... Yea

[Chorus]
People sayin' that I shouldn't see you
If that's the case, then why did I meet you?
Feelin like I already met you and I don't want to leave you again
Are you feelin' like I'm feelin' like?
Is it wrong that I'm feeling right?

[Verse 2]
You're my adrenaline
Your lips are like my medicine
Late night like Letterman
My friends say don't let her in
But either way I'm pedalin' faster and faster
I ask her what she's after, there's laughter and she's flattered
But what does it matter
I think when it comes to our situation we're just stuck underneath the ladder
But I always think the perfect picture is just splattered
Yeah, damn

[Chorus]
People sayin' that I shouldn't see you
If that's the case, then why did I meet you?
Feelin like I already met you and I don't want to leave you again
Are you feelin' like I'm feelin' like?
Is it wrong that I'm feeling right?You might also likeEmbed