Postmodern Black Feminism: The Pinkprint ”Decoded”, PT.1 (of 5) LyricsImagine a music genre where Black women aren’t allowed any actual realistic range of expression, creativity, power, autonomy, sexual agency, etc. One where they have been forced to box themselves in by playing a "Boy’s Game”. Could such a reality be fathomable? Surprisingly, yes it still does to this day especially in the genre known as Hip-Hop, where patriarchy has run rampantly for over 3 decades, showing absolutely zero signs of being challenged. Let's flashback 14 years ago to Sept. of 2001, when the genre was going through massive  transitions. A single man changes the entire face of the industry, quite possibly the world. He firmly redefined the status of Black males FOREVER, in that point in time. His name is the one and only Hova, or “Young” otherwise known as Jay-Z. With his legendary classic, “The Blueprint” Shawn Carter has entirely revolutionized the face of Hip-Hop’s “Alpha Male”, with an album that exudes superiority over money, power, respect, and lastly…. control of WOMENI got this black chick, she don't know how to act
Always talking out her neck, making her fingers snap
She like: "Listen, Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap
You better R-E-S-P-E-C-T me"Exceptionally, using Aretha Franklin’s signature song, he sends an effective clear message of his “Playa Status”, speaking to every Black male's lowest level of consciousness and feelings. However, if you “R-E-S-P-E-C-T” Black women and are one yourself, you will be offended with that line for a lot of self-explanatory reasons. With an everlasting business and legacy to his name, is it possible for a Black woman to challenge that outdated standard, rightfully reinterpreting things as she sees fit? What would happen if a woman with Michelle Obama’s influence on the mic, single-handedly established herself as the game’s only actual “motherly idol” over the current male majority? Do Black women really have any long lasting, intrinsic value in this marginalizing genre? Can a “matriarchy” be setup in this current day and age, where we can audaciously ask:“Has a Black woman’s place, ever held imminence in Hip-Hop?”Well Trinidadian-born native, Onika Tanya Maraj, has an obligation to prove that to the fullest extent. For the 1st time in what seems like forever, we have another potentially groundbreaking concept album done by an extremely famous woman in Hip-Hop. She was not kidding when she said "This is a meaningful body of work" because this has so many layers to peel back, we're just seeing the "tip of the iceberg". To overthrow such an impending reign in Hip-Hop, she would have to do some heavy reconstruction, laying down a lot of ground rules. The woman herself even has said “I do think The Pinkprint will create new rules in the same way, Jay did with his Blueprint” and below are the 1st set (of 5 topics for this series of articles) of Maraj’s new standards starting with the most direct, powerful and effective of them all:Rule # 1.  ”A Reginal Coup D’etat“ –   Black MatriarchyYou are probably wondering, “What is a BLACK Matriarchy?”, well it’s one where Black women rule as maternal figures over the social, economic and political systems, set up against them in BOTH a racial and gender discriminatory construct. In this way, these empowered Black women have to deal with a rare kind of double standard (gender AND racial), instead of your usual kind that has no racial connotation. Her doing many of these types of roles all at once, redefines the meaning of modern day “The multitasking supermom”. We have had previous females talk about being “Queen” or “Mother”, but not in the context of Gender–based language she has, in nearly all aspectsA.	“A Mother’s Love”  – Motherhood, Responsibility, Loss and GuiltThe defining characteristic of a Black Matriarchy, is the negative depiction of homes primarily ran by poor, uneducated and low-income earning Black single mothers. Surprisingly, most do not know that she has past experiences as a mother and how she was who got her family out of her hood in Queens, NYC. The only lasting memories her father gave in her life, was when he tried burning down their house when her mother was asleep, and his theft of pawning off furniture to pay for his crack addiction. During that disheartening period, he repeatedly beatdown both her mother and herself, subjecting a Register Nurse’s Aide and her only daughter, to nonstop abuse. It is this moment, she had suddenly realized on how her family needed financial and economic support, to have a better living. She soon took charge and care of her mother Carol, despite her being the source of her’s strength. So in her early to mid-20’s with a self-determined Queens spirit, she knew that it was go time from that point on, to be the sole provider of the household. Which leads to the next subsection, in being what is known asB. “The Breadwinner” – The Glass CeilingNow when you think of respectable and successful Black women, you think of Oprah, Vanessa L. Williams, etc. but what about a mogul in the case of females in Hip-Hop? This is a huge matter for women of color, to shift the persistent paradigm that they aren’t sustaining members in their fields of the culture’s business environment. This concept is called “The Glass Ceiling” which is when certain groups in the bureaucracy of a nation, are getting paid lower salaries and incomes, because of being a certain demographic. In her 2014 Complex interview, she elaborated on how she desires to earn $500 Million in total net worth to be Hip-Hop’s 1st “Female Jay-Z”. By that time, she estimates somewhere between expecting her 1st born child, in 2019 when her 5th LP drops

A female CEO will be able to show empathy, kindness and consideration towards aspiring women in the genre, that a male simply won’t care, or intend to offer in anyway. Many have been turned down, blackballed, dropped, sued, slandered or mistreated. This was because they weren’t the “package” the male CEO’s were looking for, to exploit in promoting their own sexist gain. In her hands, women could very have a bright future ahead of themselves. They can continually change the course of music history in Hip-Hop, if they cooperate as a team instead as sworn enemies. After all they need a "Mother Who Knows Best" to look up to as an maternal authority figure, sometimes having to be "put in check" for talking shit about her (a woman who is way older and knows how this game works). So.....C. “Who’s Your Momma?” – Sonning 101For those who don’t know where the term “sonning” originated from, it came from the Mecca of Hip-Hop itself, NYC. Countless, male emcees appropriately made nonstop quotable lines, about how they “fathered”  the game. But what about owning BOTH GENDERS altogether, while simultaneously being the perfect age of a scolding, know-it-all mother? If anyone is more familiarized with the notion of being the “motherfucker”, which showing off how they have authority over their “children” in every way possible, it’s her. She can practically write a book “East Coast-Style Parenting”, just with the endlessly, creative uses of paraphrase, she flipped this around throughout the whole year of 2014. For those with keen eyes and literary minds, NONE of  these new variations are similar in anyway, she used to habitually do with little to no difference. Each one still retains the pattern, yet are elongated for 6-12 bars instead of the expected, 1-2 bars average length. This literary device, purposefully reinforces the other the topics she discusses in her subject matter, without also lyrically going off focus in the form of content being used. She also appropriately changes them for that track's theme, it was specifically intended to be used in:
Yo, matter of fact, I think I'mma bring Donna Karan with me
And you my son, I don't know, it's just the-parent in me
I am the best, I am the queen, it's so apparent in me
I'm in Hollywood, with Shia Labeouf (shy-and-the-buff)
Most of you rappers ain't eating, that diet is rough
You want some hot shit? Send that wire to us
I make them change their name to Diddy, retire the puff (Daddy)
I'm getting acting money, you niggas is Kevin Hart (heart), y'all be acting funnyI came out looking to party, and now I'm owning ("O-in" as in "Oprah") that building
You bitches can't get my spot, until I start raising some children
These bitches all in they feelings, can't fuck with Nicki they know it
They know that Nicki a poet, pop me a bottle of Moet
They said I couldn't, but I did it though
Tell them, I still got the hourglass figure though/thou' (enunciated as "thou")
Can't stop me, don't watch me, you better just watch your nigga, hoTakin' trips with all them ki's, car keys got B's ("B's" - bitches/B for "Bentley's")
Stingin' with the Queen Bey' (Queen Bee/NOT Lil' Kim "Queen B") and we be whippin' all of that D
Cause we dope girls we flawless, we the poster girls for all this
We run around with them ballers, only real niggas in my call list
I'm the big kahuna, go let them whores know
Just on this song alone, bitch is on her fourth flowYou could never make eye-contact
Everything you got was based off of my (I-Phone) contacts
You a fraud, but I'mma remain i-con-stat-(us)
Balenciagas on my boots, with a python strap
You was caught up in the rush and you was caught up in the thrill of it
You was with me way, before I hit a quarter mil' in it
Put you in the crib and you ain't never pay a bill in it
I was killin' it, now you got me poppin' pills in it
I told Baby hit you, I said this nigga buggin'
Cause I was doing it for us, I told 'em fuck the public
Rock with people for how they make me feel, not what they give me
Even the ones that hurt me the most, I still show forgiveness
I love my mother more than life itself, and that's a fact
I'd give it all away, if somehow I could just re-kin-dle that
She never understands why I'm so overprotective
The more I work, the more I feel like somehow they're neglected
I want 'Caiah to go to college, just to say "We did it!"
My child with Aaron, would've have been sixteen, any minute
So in some ways, I feel like 'Caiah is the both of them
It's like he's 'Caiah's little (Guardian) angel, looking over him
And I know Jelani will always love me, and I'll always love him
And I'm just his little sister, not Nicki Minaj when I'm around himShe took something emcees say maybe once or twice their whole careers, and made it her own unique trademark
For those of you who don’t know what a "motif" is, that could not be a more defining example of being a resourceful lyricist. Which is fitting, given how she persuasively orders you to address her as…D. “THAT'S....Your Minajesty” –  The Queen of Queens, Baddest of BitchesWith a last name like “Maraj”, one can’t help but think of prestigious beauty, prosperity, wealth, not to mention the most important factor, royalty.  A sort of "Caribbean Xena" who rules with a bejeweled (rather than an iron) fist and breastplate armor, and a bezel crown, to match a bolted ego of a girly, but firm boss. Fittingly, the type of the attire has to go with the status and overall aura that you are convincingly looking at a, self-determinant badass. With that title in thought, let’s delve into the other realms of her intellect, on how she constantly alludes to global domination, one step at a time. You’ll find pertinent references listed here on:History  ListHistory List 2History List 3ANDHallmarks of Regal Things Hallmarks of  Regal Things 2Anyone who is a "King of Rap" right now ought to feel intimidated, with how she annexes more space in Hip-Hop worldwide, than most males combined, annuallyTaking all of this into consideration, inarguably poses her as a multifaceted force of Mother Nature, herself. One that most women, let alone men in Hip-Hop lack the almost "totalitarian grip", she withholds of the palms of her sharp pink fingernails. Speaking of femininity and the color pink, next week will go into the significance of the artwork and titles behind the Pinkprint itself, as a reinterpretation of the Blueprint
If Black women are still searching for their leader, then they are too busy focusing on standards of beauty, instead of what wholly composes their entire self. Being divisive and hypocritical, is not the way to progress. Them joining together, to put aside their past differences is. Because if they don't realize that Hip-Hop has pitted them against one another, then how the hell is any man their worst enemy, but themselves?

Kendrick may have been a "butterfly that was pimped". So I ask, what of  the prominent Black women such as Nicki who can be considered as "flowers"? Particularly, who's careers have been figuratively "raped and man-ipulated", since the foundation of Hip-Hop's early stages? What new obstacles await this generation of Hip-Hop's women of colors?

If any of you enjoyed this article, take the time to leave comments, along with what you liked and disliked about it. This isn’t to make anyone a fan of her music (Which is very eclectic even when compared to most males in music, regardless of genre. That will be covered at length, in the 5th and final part anyways), but to have respect for the most overhated, scrutinized and misunderstood woman in Hip-HopYou might also like42Embed