Corporate Thuggin’ Lyrics[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]
I said I'm corporate thuggin', CTE
Until the day I die, that's the way it's gon' be
Thug Motivation I'm bumpin' in my 3
Blowin' on some killer shit that I got from Zone 3
Blowin' Orange Mile, yeah, we call it Tennessee
I'm good in every hood, everybody know me
So don't wake me up, I swear to God I'm dreamin'
Pray for Uncle Ray, yeah, that nigga still beamin'
Lookin' fly in the cockpit, a nigga still leanin'
Money out here, so a nigga still schemin'
And I don't make music for the motherfuckin' critics
They don't understand cause they ain't motherfuckin' live it
And I ain't trippin' on The Source, I got a motherfuckin' plug
Keep your five mics, I'm still a motherfuckin' thug
Now the question is can a nigga really rap?
And the answer is, "You ever been to the trap?"
Bitch I make hits, you niggas waste time
And I be goddamned if I let you waste mine
Like change for the better, but I'm still strapped
Trigger-happy nigga, don't make me relapse
Attitude like "fuck it", they hatin' anyway
And I can give a fuck what a nigga gotta say
"You still talkin blow?" You goddamn right
What else I'm gon' say? That's my motherfuckin' life
I just left Jamaica, I'm talkin' Ochos Rios
Sippin' margaritas on the beach in my Adidas
Brought a few pills but that's only for the skeezers
Used my black card but that's only for the reefer
What's up! (Let's go)
[Hook: Young Jeezy]
Not a day go by, that I ain't high
Hit the mall every day, nigga, I stay fly (So fly)
26 inches, yeah, I'm sittin' up high (So high)
And I'ma keep it hood, homie, that's no lie
Not a day go by, that I ain't high
Hit the mall every day, nigga, I stay fly (So fly)
Get it how we live, yeah, we try to get by (So high)
We throw it all in the air, baby, that's no lie
What's up!

[Verse 2: Blood Raw]
Blood Raw, everybody love me (Yeah)
Blowin' on Jamaica, the boy corporate thuggin'
Glasses in the air, everybody toastin'
Gettin' fucked up, nigga, everybody totin' (Oh)
Posted with a broad, yeah, she blacker then an African
Hair down her back like she mixed with Italian (Hahahaha)
Mami so thick, man she look like a stallion
Introduced her to my partner, yeah it's on, so what's happenin'?

[Verse 3: Slick Pulla]
What's happenin'?
Dead presidents (Chea) briefcase full of 'em (Uh-huh)
Couldn't take a chance, we do it for the love of 'em (C'mon)
Livin' life fast (Yeah) we do it for the rush of it
Rubber band stacks, we do it for the touch of it (Okay!)
This shit don't stop (Stop)
Corporate Thuggin' nigga 'til my casket drop (Yeah)
Yams in the booth, did the same on the block (Block)
Don't blame me, I'm just tryna get a knot (Knot)
U.S.D.A.!
You might also like[Hook: Young Jeezy]
Not a day go by, that I ain't high
Hit the mall every day, nigga, I stay fly (So fly)
26 inches, yeah, I'm sittin' up high (So high)
And I'ma keep it hood, homie, that's no lie
Not a day go by, that I ain't high
Hit the mall every day, nigga, I stay fly (So fly)
Get it how we live, yeah, we try to get by (So high)
We throw it all in the air, baby, that's no lie
What's up!

[Outro]
So fly, so high
So fly, so high
So fly, so high
So fly, so high2Embed