Uh Huh! Lyrics[Intro]
Hahahahahaha!
You hear that? I'm just fuckin' laughin' at this beat
I'm laughin' at this beat! Yeah, ayy, heheheh...
...Yeah

[Verse 1]
I take this shit from the highest league (Huh?), you could never be as high as me (Yeah)
No, I ain’t never been to college, but I got that flow that come right out the Ivy League (Facts)
She wasn’t religious, but she came to kick it and now she be telling me, “I believe” (Hahaha)
I got a vision they catch with precision, I’m driven as far as the eyes can see
Okay, I’m independent, they can’t fire me, that’s why I stay fire, see? (Huh?)
All of these rappers, they wanna be friends, but I treat 'em all like a rivalry (Yeah, yeah, yeah!)
Shitting on you, can I please get some privacy? I’m killing you quietly
I overtook everybody who said that I wouldn’t be shit, like ain't that some irony? (Hahahaha)
Made twenty racks this January, ice in my cream, that’s Ben and Jerry's
Nobody liking the way that I work they say, “Blood sweat and tears, that ain’t sanitary”
My music is planetary, your music a cemetery, ayy (Huh? Yeah)
Huh, just take a look at the genes, guess it’s hereditary, ayy
Huh, yeah, uh-huh
[Chorus]
Back on my muhfuckin' shit, uh-huh
I got a lotta new drip, yeah, just take a look at my fit, uh-huh (Ayy)
Look at my fit, yeah (What?), you're riding my wave like a ship, uh-huh (Huh?)
I live my life like a movie, huh, you live your life like a clip, huh, yeah (Hahahaha!)

[Verse 2]
Okay, literally and figuratively, I’m on, listen to me, a picture with me? I charge
Ripping a beat, a mill' in a week, I’m gone, did a million tweets, and then it repeats, so long
Did a lot, but I’m not even twenty-one, I’m not anyone, why these bitches wanna battle? I already won
I ain’t even medicated, my music is medicine, in the headlight, you looking like venison, better run, yeah
This shit's too easy for me, here, take my CD for free
Look at the TV, it’s me, how he got zero co-signs but he going mainstream with his streams? (Yeah)
Sleeping on me like Z-Z-Z-Z, who’s next up? Well, it’s easy to see (Huh? Yeah)
They don’t wanna make a track featuring me, 'cause it sound like they’re featured on me, me, me, me (Me, me)
Bitch (Huh? Yeah, hahaha)

[Chorus]
Back on my muhfuckin' shit, uh-huh
I got a lotta new drip, yeah, just take a look at my fit, uh-huh (Ayy)
Look at my fit, yeah (What?), you're riding my wave like a ship, uh-huh (Huh?)
I live my life like a movie, huh, you live your life like a clip, huh, yeah (Hahahaha!)

[Verse 3]
I do not like haters, come to your door like a white neighbor, huh
I’ll get it now! ("That’ll be $580-") -No-no-no, I’ll check the price later ("Okay")
I feel like a star and I’m going to war, please get me a lightsaber, huh
If it ain’t blue- ("Uh, then what?) -uh, then it ain’t the right paper ("Oh..." Yeah!)
I feel like a man with the heart of a murderer, life is a road, so I cop a convertible
I am so versatile, you are so plain, that shit terminal, I had to make my name searchable, bitch
They do not want it to work for the kid, then when it work, they gon' work for the kid (Hahaha)
Every move I’m on purpose with shit, that’s my purpose, I’m certainly certain it is
Yeah, huh (Ayy)
You might also like[Chorus]
Back on my muhfuckin' shit, uh-huh
I got a lotta new drip, yeah, just take a look at my fit, uh-huh (Ayy)
Look at my fit, yeah (What?), you're riding my wave like a ship, uh-huh (Huh?)
I live my life like a movie, huh, you live your life like a clip, huh, yeah (Hahahaha!)21Embed