Born2Run Lyrics[Verse 1]
Hey! I like your bra!
Thanks I got it from my very best friend
Kissed  her once in high school and then never again
Drugs and money who’s between your covers
Wouldn't matter to me one way or the other

[Pre-Chorus]
And when  thots and animals storm the capital
You'll  watch C-SPAN for fun
‘Cause it's a fucking drag
And it's  crazy sad
But you'll do what's got to be done
[Chorus]
Are you really gonna save the world like that?
With  your tits half out on instagram?
I mean, yeah motherfucker that was always the plan
I'm gonna wear this shit to congress, man
So, hop off my dick
'Cause this whole thing makes me feel sick
And you're mean to kids, why can’t you just quit picking on thеm?
Life and liberty, sometimеs property, the right to try to feel good
Her heart is pure, the math checks out, so whats the move?
And how could you do this when I learned my rights from you?

[Verse 2]
Here's a little fact I cry all the time
About the state in healthcare and the grand design
Sometimes it's sad, sometimes it's bitter sweet
But it's how you'll know I'm me
And now gun control is a fuckin' wicked problem
I don't know if anybody knows how to solve it
But if I were in congress and someone shot up a school
I'd fucking cry about that too
And so my question is to you

[Chorus]
Are you really gonna save the world this way?
Crying like a kid every single day?
Hell yeah mother fucker I'm afraid it's true
People are in pain, what's wrong with you?
So, hop off my dick
You nixon smile makes me fuckin' sick
You should be just as wrecked as I am
I'm pretty fuckin' angry that you're not
You might also like[Pre-Chorus]
And when thots and animals storm the capital
You'll watch C-SPAN for fun
‘Cause its a fucking drag
And it's crazy sad
But you’ll do whats got to be done
The rules were life and liberty, sometimes property, the right to try to feel good
Her heart is pure, the math checks out, so whats the move?
And why would you do this when I learned my rights from you?


[Bridge]
And when soft boys and their succulents
And girls dressed to crack skulls
Take the capital and render its capital null
We'll all feel a bit more pumped and a bit less sad
Paint our shirts, say we're sorry, and call our dads1Embed