Dead Girls Lyrics[Spoken]
"I, your name, do solemnly swear not to off myself, think about offing myself, or continue thinking about offing myself without reaching out for help after listening to this song."

[Verse 1]
Sometimes I see her on the sidewalk, biking on the wet chalk
Spelling out their names, and I feel insane
'Cause I know it's just a game that I'm playing with my brain
I don't see her, but I see her, and I know it isn't real
But I fake it anyway, pull a smile and wave
Nod and look away, wait for it to fade
But it happens all the time, and people say it's fine
My roommate says they're killing us, but we're killing ourselves
And I'm surrounded by
[Chorus]
Dead girls on the road
Dead girls on my phone
Dead girls, where do they go?
All of the fuckin' dead girls all around
Dead girls in my town
Dead girls, I don't know
Dead girls, where do they go?

[Verse 2]
And it'd be wrong to say I miss them, I didn't really know him
I just have a couple friends that say they knew him well
They seem like something special, really don't they all?
I guess before you're gone, it can be kinda hard to tell
I broke the fucking news, it wasn't mine to break
She cried, but I was empty, it wasn't mine to say

[Chorus 2]
There's dead kids on the road
Dead kids in my phone
Dead kids, where do they go?
I wanna be a dead kid, with my friends
Dead kids, home again
Dead kids, I don't know

[Post-Chorus]
You like them better dead, better dead?
Just say you want it like that
You like me better dead, better dead?
Gun against your head, you like them dead
You might also like[Bridge]
And if all you ever see are dead girls
And if all you hear is terrible news
Maybe it's not all about the dead girls
Maybe it's more about you
The living need attention too

[Chorus]
Dead kids all the time
Dead kids in our primes
Dead kids, where do they go?
I wanna be a dead girl, like the rest
Dead girls are the best
That's why we're on every show

[Post-Chorus]
You like them better dead, better dead?
Just say you want it like that
You like me better dead, better dead?
Gun against your head, you like them dead7Embed