Nunnadet Shit (Remix) Lyrics[Intro: Asian Doll]
Ayy
(Ooh, DJ C3nturii, you making beats now?)
Go
(You making beats now?)
Ayy

[Chorus: Asian Doll]
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of that shit ('Bout none of that shit)
'Bout none of that shit (None of that shit)
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of that shit (Ayy, uh, none of that shit)
'Bout none of that shit (None of that shit)
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of that shit (Woah, none of that shit)
'Bout none of that shit (None of that shit)
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of that shit (Uh-uh, none of that shit, ayy)
[Post-Chorus: Asian Doll & Rubi Rose]
Nigga, want war? Just say that, uh (Woah, say that shit)
Where I'm from, we don't play that, uh (Damn, what?)
Nigga I'm with gon' spray that, uh (Brr)
Faceshot, he'll send that, uh (Gang, gang)
Nigga, want war? Just say that, uh (Say that shit)
Where I'm from, we don't play that, uh (Yeah)
Niggas I'm with gon' spray that, uh (Ayy, ayy)
Faceshot, he'll send that, uh (Yeah)

[Verse 1: Rubi Rose]
Spend that shit then get it back (Get back)
Broke bitch never seen a hundred racks (Huh)
If you want smokе, we pull up with a pack (Ayy)
Drop a red dot, so I know wherе you at (Grr)
Writing this verse in a Maybach
I'm from Kentucky, he wild for this cat (Ooh)
I'm a bad bitch with my own dough
Diamond dancin' like a snow cone (Ice)
Skin lookin' like rose gold
New nigga callin' my old phone
'Cause I hate a nigga who be lyin' on his dick (Bitch)
Silly bitch pop shit from the comments
I don't give a fuck about none of that shit
Well, when they hop online they got so much to say (Huh)
Hoes never told that shit to my face
You might also like[Verse 2: Dream Doll]
I don't give a fuck about none of that
They know when Dream on a track, that I'm runnin' that
I book a studio session, go dumb in that
Rawest bitch rappin', he wanna cum in that
I don't have none of that, none of that (Nope)
Lot of niggas is clown, we make fun of that (Uh-huh)
All my jewelry is froze, where the summer at?
I been raisin' bitches, had enough of that (Aw)
Damn, where your mother at?
I got YSL drippin', where Gunna at?
I got cash money spendin', where Stunna at?
No, I don't play with my paper, no fun it that (Mmm)
Rather play with my pussy and cum to that
Walking on verses, and makin' them sick (Uh)
They talkin' shit, and then they ask for a pic (Woo)
You worried about a mugshot and a kid (Uh)
I don't give a fuck about none of that shit

[Verse 3: Ivorian Doll]
None of that smoke
All of this gas 'til a bitch can choke
Pop your top, ain't spilling no coke
My niggas don't clown, come tell us a joke
Job get done, in and out like a show
Ain't talkin' 'bout fuckin' a bitch, gettin' poked
Ain't talkin' 'bout pussy, and she gettin' soaked
I bury her deep, haircut like a fro, uh
Not like that, why you cappin' and shit?
Ivory back in this bitch
Slapped that ho, bro, slap in the clip
No one night stand, I bang it and dip
Pullin' up slow, handle it quick
All of this dough, all of this drip
Oh, he a gangster? Baggin' a brick
He packin' a pole, I fancy a strip
[Verse 4: Dreezy]
I be talkin' my shit, got a potty mouth
Make him sing to the box, oh, you Roddy now? (Oh)
Can't see me on the track or in life
Only thing that's big about a bitch is a body count (What's big, sweetie?)
I ain't with none of that shit
If it ain't that M's, we ain't takin' no late offers
Said a ho try my nigga like she Porsha
I bet I beat the breaks off her (Try me, ho)
Keep a nigga with a Glock, did time in the pen
Gettin' bread on the block in them butter wheat Timbs
Push to start my car like I'm pushin' my pen (Skrr)
She couldn't do it like me if that bitch my twin
Name a ho waitin', bring that scale out (On gang)
Trap boy, tell him, "Send that mail out"
Pulled up, hoes start runnin' like Get Out
Bitch really my son, I should bring my foot out

[Verse 5: Asian Doll]
All of that talkin' and whoopin' you doin'
Now you out of breath, gasp for help
My shooter, he kin to me, soldier step
Rich than a bitch, ain't belongin' in jail (Uh-huh)
Be quiet, the murderers talkin' (Shh)
Sneak dissin' us, never heard about it
Wrong move, bitch, for certain he got him (Boom)
Cook a opp bitch like Baskin and Robbins
Ayy, you can't get shit for the freebie (Uh-huh)
Might be fuckin' that nigga, but you ain't me (Bitch)
I'ma puff, puff, pass that nigga, you should thank me
Everybody love me, bitch, like Raymond (Uh, what?)
I'm a wild lil' bitch, my nigga can't tame me (What?)
Rich-ass nigga, I still won't date him (Uh-uh)
He ate me once, I still won't date him (Date him)
These weak-ass bitches mad, hatin' (Mad)
To be honest, I ain't even give a fuck 'bout the rap shit (Uh-uh)
Von told me, "Go crazy with the rap shit"
Killin' these hoes, let me burst out the MAC stick (Boom)
First day, 100k, hit a back flip (Brr)
Nigga, hide them poles, laws at the door (On gang)
Locked up, he sellout, bailout
VV iced out my grill out
Bitch, fuck you, 'cause we been done fell out

[Chorus: Asian Doll]
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of that shit ('Bout none of that shit)
'Bout none of that shit (None of that shit)
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of that shit (Ayy, uh, none of that shit)
'Bout none of that shit (None of that shit)
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of that shit (Woah, none of that shit)
'Bout none of that shit (None of that shit)
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of that shit (Uh-uh, none of that shit)
'Bout none of that shit (Ayy)

[Post-Chorus: Asian Doll]
Nigga, want war? Just say that, uh (Woah, say that shit)
Where I'm from, we don't play that, uh (Damn, what?)
Niggas I'm with gon' spray that, uh (Boom, boom)
Faceshot, he'll send that, uh (Yeah, ayy)
Nigga, want war? Just say that, uh (Say that shit)
Where I'm from, we don't play that, uh (Play that bitch)
Niggas I'm with gon' spray that, uh (Boom, boom)
Faceshot, he'll send that, uh (Go)

[Outro: Asian Doll]
Nigga, want war? Just say that, uh (Say that shit)
Nigga, want war? Just say that, uh (Say that shit)
Nigga, want war? Just say that, uh
Nigga, want war? Just say that, uhEmbed