The Hardest Lyrics[Phone calls: Skrapz & Fundz]
Yo, big boy Skrapz da one and only, "Gone Till November" the mixtape out now. Crazy ting. Shoutout my brother Nines coming home in a minute. Free all my brothers trapped in the system, free Tico, free Jazzy, Dougas, Fundz, Inches... Free Ca$h, Bob, Money Mike, Hydro, Omar, Ismael, Farru... Free me- all above all free my brother Nines, free the nigga Mask who went down forever. Special shoutout to the scumbags who bringing a man down for...
Skrapz!
Soon see my face. "Gone Till November" out now, return of the Mac "Skrapz is Back, Part II" coming soon... One...
Skrapz! One Arda, sit down, sit down, sit down, sit down, sit do...

[Intro: Capo & Skrapz]
Whoo!
Boom!
Listen
And this is that bonus track
Dis song'a dem
Skrapz & Fundz!
Skrapz & Fundz
Free Skrapz, Free Fundz!
Shutdown session
Everyone's gone till november, shit...
Listen
Yo
Listen
[Verse 1: Skrapz]
Ay yo, yo gotta keep your head up
Keep choppin off even though you're gettin fed up
Keep buyin food even though the P's went up
Stay burnin weed even though my eyes red up
Gotta keep your head up
Imma keep goin in
I ain't tryna stop right now so I'm showin em
I ain't tryna only get paid when my phone rings
More time I just felt bait when I'm rollin
Got 3 phones, yea I know it's a joke ting
Hope that I don't see boydem patrollin
Hope that my dog picks up when I phone him
Hope that the yutes stop G's when I hole in
Right now I'm zonin
Right now I'm I think that I'm gonna strike like bowlin
Strike like lightnin
Gassed up, hypin
Can't violate none of mine, now I'm ridin
Make sure the clip goes click when it slides in
Make sure that you don't chat shit when I'm writin
Nuff of these yutes gotta bitch and I'm hidin
Nuff of these yutes straight snitch and blow talk
I been fuckin up snitches in secondary
Nowadays send a snitch to the cemetery
Headshots that's the only thing necessary
Straight piss in your grave, no Don Perry
Your team's feather-weight rudeboy, my team's heavy
You might also like[Verse 2: Fundz]
Right now I'm kinda caught in the moment
Might see me in a Porsche when I'm rollin
My phone's broke got walkin and strollin
Came out broke poor, I was moanin
Now I'm lickin out potions and stones dem
Look how quick alla them Os went
Yo Skrapz we're heavy
We the tallest ting, seen you ghost ride the Bentley
You been goin in
Crime Scene gang's the shit we're livin at
Vaseline grease, my nigga he's been rippin that
If they squeeze shots on us we just lick it back
Triple black hoodie and jeans and a faded cap
Whole hood's talkin, now Scrapz is back
And Fundz is home, kick back relax
How many years now we been clappin straps
So more time you clap man they ain't clappin back

[Verse 3: Skrapz]
Boom!
Fundz man been goin in
Don't try gwan like it's me the one killin them
Had you locked up for a P's now you're back again
Before you got locked up we was clappin them
Whole snitch movin pon Streetz straight splashin in
Still splashin in
By a quick food mash it up, then I lick it out
Can't talk in my whip, now it's pepper fam
I might switch to the coup, where you lookin fam?
[Verse 4: Fundz]
I'm takin the 10 bolts and 4 pipes
Gang long guns and fur coats, roll white
Fam, Skrapz in your creps, in your loafers dem
Spiderman ting, Gucci webs all over them
LV Kings flingin Fs all over them
Niggas get killed, put the feds all over em
Chill out, you still reign supreme
Change the scene
Cuttin 8ths of bleach, real shot like a laser beam

[Interlude: Skrapz]
See? Real shot like a laser beam
Boom! Yo Shotgun holla me

[Outro: Shotgun & Capo]
We the hardest (Shoutout to 1DA!)
Shot a nigga to the top, that's the target (Shoutouts to Yaha!)
We the hardest
Me and Stock into the ting to the top, that's regardless (Free Ca$h!)
My team, we the hardest (Free Hydro!)
We the hardest (R.I.P. Zino!)
Shot a nigga to the top, that's the target (R.I.P Stylie!)
We the hardest
Me and Stock into the ting to the top, that's regardless
My team, we the hardest...Embed