We Paid (Remix) Lyrics[Intro]
BLLT (Haha)
6 Block got K's (6 block got K's)
All Opps gettin' sprayed (All Opps gettin' sprayed)
(86 for the brick nigga)
6 Block we paid
Free Kenny K Free Henry(Aye)Free Big Murda Too

[Verse 1]
Before i get faced like five, (five) Imma' kill shit like 6 (like six)
Still caught one from the pump break a hoe to the team
Catchin shells In the bricks (in the city)
Throw back to me Bibby and Mitch, (and Bibby)
Throw back and make Jack do a hit, (Jack do a hit)
Still go see my auntie that lady do Voodoo ah genie
My grandma ah witch (let's go)
Chop shop give ah band for them Stolos, (Stolos)
My youngins' got 3 or 4 Lolos, (Lolos)
(Damn)
Take out the engine, and bust that bitch down
That's a lil' 5 band play doe
Selfie Gang faceshot like a photo (like a photo)
If I ain't wit Dot then i'm dolo, (i'm dolo)
Throw bullets at Opps Tony Romo (Buck!)
Fuck these rappers i'd rather ride solo (ride solo)
Boy we kill Opps on the regular, (regular)
Can't fool me i know your gun registered, (Haha)
Phone tapped, i can't talk on my cellular, (the cellular)
He tweetin' but tell em' who shot at ya' (shot at ya')
That TDB, 6, we the Mafia ( The Mafia)
Givency, and Louis, i'm Prada ya' (i'm Prada ya')
Fuck the city, No clique ain't no stoppin us
Get Bucked' in yo' city i'm poppin up (Buck!)
E-Way, slidin' i'm headed out west (out west)
Just me Fefe, Lil Zay, and a tec (Lil Zay)
Pop a Opp then post in the Jets
Drop 30k flat on yo' neck, (on yo' set)
Don Dada i'll knock off yo' set (yo' set)
Big bag on yo head that's a check, (A bag!)
Sit tight man he'll put you to rest (to rest)
Extortion we all in his check (Extortion)
See my Opps tryna clique up and come for me (and come for me)
We dont clique up, this Glock kept me company (me company)
Catch Quise You know you gon' run from me (run from me)
If they yellin' Osama they onto me (Osama)
I kill for Ohana,I kill for Osama
For Kendre forever,Dont fuck with the sunder
Since 2013 we been givin' y'all problems
It's 2020, we still the top Mafia
ESPN shit im the real Don Dada
I was 15 in West Jack wit a choppa
Spazz 16 on the news for a body
7 days straight I been rollin' off Molly
In the [?] Man this shit gon get sketchy
Catch a Opp boy this shit gon get deadly, (Aye!)
Hit the E-Way I run from the Feddies, (Aye!)
Bust a right, and I got off on Melvin (Skrr!)
Nobody ain't out niggas fakin', (they fakin')
Catch a Opp, like some liqour I chase em' (I chase em')
Sak Passe, that's to all of my Haitians, (Sak Passe)
Jump out on yo' block and go crazy, (go crazy)
(Uh!)
Ran up a hunna' sumn' racks by myself
No label, no cosign you know im independent (independent)
Real young nigga out the trenches
You ain't gettin' money young nigga, i'll show you how to get it (show you how to get it)
Still got war in the city, still on the block and we tryna catch shit
For Lil' Bibby, (War!)
Pussy ass opps keep snitchin', everytime sombody get shot
They say we did it (That we did)
(It's Laid!)
[Outro]
(Uh!)
6 block got paid
(Aye! Aye!)
6 block got K's (Aye! Aye!)
6 block we paid
Got K's
(Uh!)
Ran up a hunna' sumn' racks by myself
No label, no cosign you know im independent
Real young nigga out the trenches
You ain't gettin' money young nigga, i'll show you how to get it (show you how to get it)
Still got war in the city, still on the block and we tryna catch shit
For Lil' Bibby, (War!)
Pussy ass narcs keep snitchin', everytime sombody get shot
They say we did it (Say we did it!)You might also likeEmbed