Face of Sports: Meet the Final Four LyricsFollow the entire Face of Sports contest here!REPRESENTING BASKETBALL: LEBRON JAMESLeBron James. You've probably heard of him. 4x NBA MVP, 2x NBA Finals MVP and a former NBA Rookie of the Year, he's alright at basketball I guess. Of course, couple this with his two NBA championships and a pair of Olympic Golds to boot, and, let's be honest - there's not all that much more for him to do.

Becoming a hero in Cleveland from the moment he was selected #1 in the 2003 draft, eventually going on to lead them to their first ever Finals appearance four years later. In 2010, one controversial move (and ridiculous television show) later and he's the centrepiece of a world-class team in Miami, dominating everyone in their way - picking up back-to-back titles between 2012 and 2013.

Fast-forward another year, and - of course - the Heat make the finals once more, a rematch of the previous year against the Spurs, which didn't end quite how Bron Bron would have liked. Rumours swirled about how he'd return to the team he had shunned four years earlier, but surely it wouldn't happen like that? Well, yeah, it did. He's back with the Cavs, and that's where we are now. While it hasn't reached the heights of the trailblazing seasons he spent down south, there's still no disputing his class - if your team could pick up anyone, it's still almost a certainty it would be King James.His list of records is too extensive if anything. Wikipedia has a page for his achievements, as the section on his regular page was dragging on a bit too much. Let's take one at random.Only player in NBA history to post at least 2000 points, 500 rebounds, 500 assists, and 100 steals in a single season for at least seven seasons.That is madness. Most players would love to put up numbers like that just once, but he's done it seven times.

He's ridiculous. An absolute beast. Not just for his abilities on the court, but too how he is in the media. Love him or hate him, you can't deny the charisma which is on display every time he gets an audience. Throughout the years there have been names which stand out above the rest - Jordan, Shaq, Kobe. This is LeBron's time, and he doesn't look set to turn that over to the next guy just yet.REPRESENTING AMERICAN FOOTBALL: JJ WATTCall him MegaWatt. Call him the Milkman. Call him JJ Swatt. Whichever nickname you choose, JJ Watt is the most dominant defensive player of this generation and is well on his way to becoming the greatest defensive player of all-time.

A 2-star recruit out of Pewaukee and former Wisconsin Badger, Watt was drafted 11th overall by the Houston Texans in 2011, to the dismay of some Texans fans. Watt quickly shushed his doubters and amazed his believers, performing well in the postseason and following that performance up with one of the best defensive seasons in NFL history in 2012. Two years later, Watt managed to improve upon his 2012 campaign, dominating in his usual way on the defensive side of the ball but also contributing on offense in the form of 3 offensive touchdowns. In addition to winning the Defensive Player of the Year Award (again), Watt received 13 votes for MVP - an unprecedented total for a defensive player - but ultimately lost to Green Bay's Aaron Rodgers.Watt is the Face of American Football not only for his unparalleled work ethic and desire to be the best, but for his off-field personality. He's very charitable, has a special place in his heart for disadvantaged children, and knows how to rock a commercial. He can be considered the Face of Sports as well, because in an age where many players are self-centered party animals, Watt focuses 100% on what matters: improving his game and sticking to his guns.REPRESENTING SOCCER (FOOTBALL): LIONEL MESSILionel Messi, at 27 years old, is Barça’s all-time top scorer in all official club competitions, the all-time leading scorer La Liga and also in UEFA Champions League competition. Simply put, he's a very good and very accomplished footballer and every time he steps onto a pitch he makes more history.

Messi with his La Liga All Time Top Scorer Honorary Golden Boot


He has been instrumental in helping the club win 21 trophies, including six La Liga titles and three Champions League crowns. Meanwhile, individually he has been awarded the FIFA Ballon d'Or more than anyone else: four times, all in succession (another record).

While his phenomenal goal-scoring record is well documented, as of Feb 8 2015, Messi has registered 171 assists in his career (a number any midfielder would be proud of) as well as countless key passes, hockey assists and created chances. His pausa, brilliant vision and range of passing exceeds his peers and is comparable to Michael Laudrup.

Part of what makes Lionel Messi what he is, is his contribution across all phases of play, both in midfield and forward roles. He is extremely multifaceted. His former national team coach Sabella believes that as his explosiveness declines, Messi may become “más asistidor todavía”.

For Messi, goals are almost a by-product of his talent. Scoring, alone, doesn't make him brilliant, he scores because he's so brilliant. Take Barça's 5-0 win against Real Madrid, for instance - he didn't score, but watch the entire game - he was the architect of Barça’s magnificence, dictating the play throughout. His dribbling is all too commonly compared to Maradona, but there’s also aspects of the Brasilian legend Ronaldo. He weaves in and out, forcing his chasers to appear sluggish and off balance.He has the ambition to dream and make the impossible runs, then he has to the technique to actually carry out these runs. - David BernabéuMessi, picks the ball up near the halfway line, 5 second later he's scored - against Real Madrid in a Champions League semi-finalOf course there must be a confidence (or even arrogance) about him, but his determination seems to derive from a craving and hunger to win team honours. He has never stated his desire to win individual plaudits, citing his team as the primary reason behind his awards. When you look at videos of him in his childhood, his style of play is the same – he still possesses that playful innocence and courageousness in his football. Determined to play, determined to win.

Off the field Lionel Messi is the face of sportswear giant Adidas, a goodwill ambassador for UNICEF, global brand ambassador for Gillette as well as Turkish Airlines and is currently the face of football-simulation video game franchise FIFA.


He has been voted the Sports Genius 'Face of Football' and is certainly a worthy contender for 'Face of Sports', overall.REPRESENTING OLYMPIC MISC: USAIN BOLTWith an untarnished record of six Olympic gold medals from a possible six, and holding the title of the fastest man on the planet, it's no surprise that Usain Bolt has made it through to the final four.

Not only does he have the medals to back his case as the face of the Olympics, he has the records too. In 2008 he became the first athlete to break both the 100m and 200m Olympic records at the same Olympic Games. He followed it up four years later in London by breaking his own Olympic record for the 100m event, a feat that had never been achieved before. The most fearsome thing for Bolt's competitors is, he's not finished yet. As 2016 draws ever closer there will be another chance in Rio for Usain to further cement himself as one of the greatest Olympians ever and continue to remain the face of the Olympics.





His legacy, fame and brand stretches outside the realms of athletics however. The Jamaican has been the face of sports brand Puma for over a decade, whilst also appearing in advertising campaigns for the likes of Virgin Media and Visa. There has also long been speculation that he may pursue another sport in the future. The self-proclaimed Manchester United fan has long been yearning to wear their famous red strip, and if that is to successfully happen, he will unquestionably be the face of sports.15Embed