Translationsormanizations | Lyrics [INTRO]
YEAH, This IS five: Panna
Life Jacket, Huh

[Verse 1]
Not as soon as it raises nothing new, a dumpliness of tomorrow
Razmer's day by day, I made the man tied here as Sociality here
I'm bigger, some of my dreams.
I fled from the house where I was happy than money.
The room with the room has many Risky
You are growing up, we day as much as she got, so that it started to grow
Beach between aspirations and circumstances
It was a lot of embarrassing and hesitation.
Everything is fine, that's what was happening?
Life is the same thing, nor nine down
Open everything, speaking, not working here, anger here
Barry Right Chray, required PEACE, BRO
Look at the world in the waters in the world in the world.
I don't understand what, I heard well
The wisdom that the deaths 26 years is coming to me?
Many times we are secretly demanded, not a happy demand
I can't be a little, where I was on the same time now
[Chorus]
Nohindi Destination Reinfor (WOO, WOO, WOO, WOO)
Rained the nudic sky
Snewing in this life
But life jacket is that a dumbly ray?
Nohindi destination Ray (ooh, ooH)
Ray (OOH, OOH)
Snewing is in this life (OOH, OOH)
But Life Jacket is brought so that the boat

[Verse 2]
Raids - Walks Roats, Ray, let not walking
It's alone in the time of birth we are also everywhere we are and even when I die
What did he think she had thought? What is the head full of thinking?
Too much nailed chest, slowly Everthing WILL BE Okay
Alone alone is the hand of the manner, didn't know me
To be alone everything, gossip, reach
The way is gonally roug, touching Top
Since six in the morning since night
Puffs are also drawing the nouris
No i grandson of BOB MARLEY
Time doesn't leave anyone
Don't you give up your mindful way you want to do whatever you like
Life is very short, says a flowing river too
Laughing is a long-you saddened without being angry.
The way long not ever
• Might Also LIKE [CHORS]
No.andi Destination Ray
Rained the nudic sky
Snewing in this life
But life jacket is that a dumbly ray? (Life, Life, Jacket, Jacket)
Nohindi Destination Reach Ray (LIFE, Life, Jacket, Jacket)
Ray without touching the Nauty sky (LIFE, Life, Jacket, Jacket)
Snewing is very much in this life (Life, Life, Jacket, Jacket)
But life jacket is brought to the Govin Ray (LIFE, Life, Jacket, Jacket)

[OUTro]
Life Jacket, Life Jacket, Life Jacket (OOH, OOH)
Life Jacket, Life Jacket, Life Jacket (OOH, OOH)
Life Jacket, Life Jacket, Life Jacket (OOH, OOH) EMBed