TranslationEnglishotro drink (remix) Lyrics [letter of "another drink (remix)" ft. Darell & Nicky Jam]

[Intro: Ozuna, Nicky Jam, Sech, Anuel AA & *Darell *]
It is still taking another tra-
(This is the remix!)
Life for you has not been easy
It has been, in love, very difficult
There is something in him that no longer pleases you (-Place)
That's why it comes out and does what it does (Woh-Oh)
Life is one and time will not stop
I tell you because I have seen how it is lost loving (loving, oh)
Baby, I think, time is running out
He changed you as she (no, no, no, no, no, no, no)
For women and a couple of bottle '(bottle pair'; no, no, no, no, no, no)
For friends who are not friends in Verdá '(AH-AH; ICE)
Because I know they are going to write to you when he leaves
(Uah, uah; *everybody go to the discotek! *)
[Pre-Caro: Anuel AA, Sech & Darell]
And now to the dark and without dissimulation (that is like that)
Forgetting the 'pity' I caught her (uah-ah-ah; ah!)
Now he does what he wants when he wants (OH-OH)
And if you don't want, you are another who fucks too (here we go again!)

[Chorus: Sech, Ozuna, Darell & Anuel AA]
When the DJ puts the music (that is like that)
She dances as never before (real until death, baby; pa 'who knows)
And now to the dark (OH-OH), and without dissimulation (OH-OH)
Forgetting the 'Pena' I caught her (ra-ta-ta-tá!)
When the DJ puts the music
She dances as never before (The Real Rondón)
Now he does what he wants when he wants
And if you don't want, you are another who fucks too

[Verse 1: Anuel AA]
They left her alone and breaks with the blender
An uncensored perreo, for a man she does not cry (she doesn't cry)
Do not trust anyone, nobody (nobody)
Today you drink and pa 'the street, street (street)
She wants to drink, she wants to dance (dance)
And he wants smoking and gets drunk (-Borrachar, Ah-Ah)
She doesn't love and doesn't call and claims
And I look for it in the Lambo 'and break' the bed
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Nicky Jam]
E-e-e-e-e-I don't want to talk about him, vamo 'pa' the wall (wall)
Pa 'the dark, to see what you know' (knows')
He is asking me to put, but it doesn't fit (fits)
He wanted to lose his rhythm and I have the key, Yeh-Yeh-Yeh
Do you want to see how I get hard hard? (Lasted)
Give him, ma ', I'm sure
When I am with you, I always cure myself, Yeah
That is mine, I swear

[Choir: Ozuna, Sech & Darell]
Baby, when the DJ puts the music (that is like that)
She dances as never before (pa 'who knows)
And now to the dark (OH-OH), and without dissimulation (OH-OH)
Forgetting the 'Pena' I caught her (ra-ta-ta-tá!)
When the DJ puts the music
She dances as never before (The Real Rondón)
Now he does what he wants when he wants
And if you don't want, you are another who fucks too

[Verse 3: ozuna]
What does the dark, but do it with dissimulation
He told me he has a rude boyfriend
Why I arrive and I don't greet
I said: "You forgive me, baby, I'm not gray, I'm dark black"
That the bass sounds, that I want to see you
Suding, Baby, until dawn
There is another baby who wants to see me, you have to know
But, calm, I'm having a good time, you too
It doesn't matter, baby, whatever says who (whatever says who)
I know that he doesn't value you (he values)
But I'm not for love now, baby
Enjoy and not look 'the time (the time)
Only with your booty I fall in love ', Lady (Lady)
[Verse 4: Darell]
Woh-woh-woh, stop that shit, nigga
Now she is the days are gray '(that is like that)
Because their 'tomorrow' are not felice '(hah!)
What were kiss', now they are scar '(pa' that knows)
He is single and for the street says (ra-ta-ta-tá!)
Let me take you and mount you in the red 'red (ESO E' like that; Red)
I'm going to get that get it gets wet (it gets wet; ah!)
Pa 'that with me' teas sonrojá '(here we go again!)
While 'of To' the bad strips you
Make the Maleti, who forgot about you (that is like that)
I want to finance you, ma ', I want to give you the peti' (oh-oh)
You 'Tas Linda with your Petite body (Ah!)
And that belly with more squares than tetris'

[Chorus: Sech, Anuel Aa & Darell]
When the DJ puts the music (that is like that)
She dances as never before (real until death, baby; pa 'who knows)
Now to the dark (OH-OH), and without dissimulation (OH-OH)
Forgetting the 'Pena' I caught her

[Verse 5: sech]
When the DJ puts the music, music (-ca)
She goes down with all her gang (woh, oh)
Now dances, smokes, take alone
He arrives at the house and they don't say na '
What life, for that it never runs out ('tá)
'Tá drunk, but ask for another bottle (ah-ah-ah)
Is that at that time you have the note high
Happiness in it stands out

[Pre-Caro: SECH, Anuel AA & Darell]
And now to the dark and without dissimulation (that is like that)
Forgetting the 'pity' I caught her (ah; uah-ah-ah; anuel)
Now he does what he wants when he wants (OH-OH)
And if you don't want, you are another who fucks too (here we go again!)

[Chorus: Nicky Jam, Sech, Darell & Anuel AA]
When the DJ puts the music (that is like that)
She dances as never before (real until death, baby; pa 'who knows)
And now to the dark (OH-OH), and without dissimulation (OH-OH)
Forgetting the 'Pena' I caught her (ra-ta-ta-tá!)
When the DJ puts the music
She dances as never before (The Real Rondón)
Now he does what he wants when he wants
And if you don't want, you are another who fucks too

[Outro: Darell]
Everybody Go to the DiscoTak; Attention! 7embed