Who killed Mark? (Who Killed Mark?) Lyrics [The lyrics "Who killed Mark?"]

[Part I]

[Verse 1]
You know, the feeling that I had stalled
Somewhere turned the wrong way and the path became intricate
And you walk in circles, picking up the words
Conscious: everything can be fixed only by returning back
Contracels - yes, valid, the film is going on for a long time
Stock up and pop.
Sign and get:
The retrospective is so symptomatic as instructive
The end of the two thousandth was pure Ice Age
No hip-hap industry, only myspace
Plus bright dreams to declare to them that I am
In order not to be invisible - Welles did not write my life
After all, the one who in childhood is like a chain and amulet
Dragged the stigma of the victim with self -esteem at zero
Long for several years
After all his life, it is faced with a choice:
Surrender, change inside or compensate
I chose the third and began to fight with might and main
Against the world away from the places where native birches are growing
My maximalism: I am all these bonz to the ration
And Battle Rap climbed like a superhero costume
In it I knew how to do not even dream of
And it's time to close teenage gestalt
Life became, as I carefully painted myself
Sorry, the costume forgot to teach to answer for my words
Schokk, my partner of those years, was tougher in appearance
But also inside the child and with the demons louder than my
To share working days with him on the way - that is another type
With an unstable psyche: either bro, then finished psycho
We are Dissili of all: caste, Dimasta, Basta
Zhigan, Dzhigan, were sincere, but differently
I fired over their rhyme, stuck it for the style
And he threatened with conflicts and personally clinging his relatives
Vagabund: Cult underground-phenomenon
Botany alliance with gopnik - the new sound of Europe
Fanaticism, excitement, but in the team is discord
Schokk constantly substitutes me, ships and whines
Toxic friendship, blame, bitch, you need
Back in mid -October, I let me know that I was leaving
Just reached the city, but at exactly then
Fate in the ancient play includes Roma Zhigan
Raid and shot from the trauma into the window, to the haru from the foot
So from the musical changed the genre of cinema to the militant
Bream, knees, apologies, shooting? Battles and books
Here is mine, but I fell under the rink, my enemy is my tongue
So the first lesson: quickly, guy, throw
Speak only from afar that you will not repeat in the eyes
And second: do not assent the jambs
After all, when snow overtakes you, you are for yourself
We demanded apologies from the scene
Schokk flew away, dared and repeated insults
I understand, stress - with us there was his lady
But why fuck what we will write?
What would you choose? The choice is not simple
You said you want to dump, then got into their conflict
Apologize publicly - shame will not go on the network
Or perish with a fled brother that he always smokes you?
Obviously
I decided everything correctly, I decided everything peacefully
Video with Schokk - on the Web, mine did not work out, lies
I closed the gate, throwing the keys from the cliff
Giving a vow of silence, there was enough for ten years
Tactically correct move, deal and compromise
The fans were well accepted, although a little tensed
Silence is a treasure, gold or gag
But I did not suspect how it would change me
[Part II]

[Verse 2]
New Chapter: I move to Russia
I am building all one again from scratch
The first mixtap, Nevalyashki has forces
I meet Porchy, then Booking Machine
We begin to grow
Schokk is crazy, devotes me songs
Did I get off easily? Except on the surface
Anxieties and depression - hesitates great
Roma Zhigan on the shelf compromising evidence
Roma - Orthodox Patriot, okay
It seems like blackmail is not too Orthodox
Even if you fuck strangers - patriotic
Put on your knees in the crowd - not diplomatically
I'm hawing all this, I have no choice
If I don't want my future children at school to see a video
With a father on his knees and a slap in the face
And I do what he wants from me
I go to his film under the name "Beef"
Interview with Empse about the conflicts of rap games
All players have already starred in it, but for hype I need me
I agree to the deflection - the second compromise
Listeners are horrified by the illusion of friendship with him
Zhigan is all against which Vagabund and I went
Cognitive dissonance in the brain as poison
I did not betray Schokkk, but I betray myself
Tours, battles, my second mixture
Informate rap everything rises upstairs
This is an unthinkable success, but also powerlessness
After all, I am again a victim, and I compensate again
Zhenya enters, Gorgorod comes out, money is pouring as a river
Three rounds a year, stormy stream, Urgant, Bomond, fucking Forbes list
I broke the game, but I got hooked on the self -censorship here in absolutely everything
This cannot be said, because I will insult the fan base
And this is impossible, because they will laugh at immediately
This is impossible - my family reads me often
But this is definitely impossible - it is unsafe
Psychosomatics, I am a strangled spring
Muscle clamps, fear that I am not a man
Silence drags the silent like a quagmire
Swamps, Pussy Riot, Repressions, Ukraine
I ignore everything, but the pain does not leave
I swing to vomit, I smoke in the blood in sputum
Binge, drugs, I'm running away everything
In bed is different again, but it also helps zero
Each opponent on the battles crest about the bream
Forbidden topic, but the secret of the postgraduate
I am always silent, in this I am a hero of generation
I won’t go to Dudu: he will definitely ask about my knees
Purulent and ice, prime time, kotd
I am soon almost a number one rapper
Zhigan releases the film, I also agree to the promo here
The skeleton in my closet is new for meat.
Premiere - humiliation, brother, as if everything is forgotten
Convincing yourself: "This is my decision"
Lava does not warm a pocket, because in the attic all this time
A portrait of Dorian Gray is secretly decreasing for me
Outwardly, everything is ok, you can relax:
Old fans do not remember, new ones do not know - everything
Zhigan has been behaving correctly for a couple of years
Time to let go, but the chest fucks
I'm starting to stumble, I am a shadow of myself the same
Mentor, CEO, legend - merit and medals
Soon more than Brezhnev's
Egotrip, Empire, Dementia
But inside the uncertainty of the baby
My career suicide - so many years to be silent
I do not let out six, I don't perform five
I am building a relationship, I tie with a rap
Constrained by a chain of self -tied prohibitions
But my new life is awry, alas
The campaign was that deal with conscience and the devil
I'm leaving with BM, our brotherhood is invaluable, but
It became crowded, and so that the team does not hook
Rajabov, Courts, Coose, peaceful protest
"I will sing my music", Zhukov and "Sit down for the text"
Courage is a gradual process, tasting as a delicacy
And I get in taste, but shame from the inside still eats
Inconsistent demonstration
Simpler than their shameful demons lustration
I drop at least a little ego-yield
Year and a half without social networks and therapy
I seem to start to understand
The process is not pleasant
Something in the puzzle is not enough clearly, as if there is no central part
I go in circles and then I remember
With trembling fingers in the correspondence of VK
Search for what no one knew, I and Zhigan forgot
That ten years later it can still lie somewhere
What he threatened me during blackmail
Here it is, in h/b, a video of the emergency
Years in all years, it was waiting for me to the bottom, where the water is black
Wildly, but the whole pod
Because of a couple of seconds that you see at the beginning of the clip
From school I was afraid that they would stem me
2021 - I was fucked up
As far as I remember, I was trembling over the reputation
But in order to become free, you need not to be afraid to crap
I didn't want to stand on my knees so
That in the end he stood on them for ten years
Roma, you will call - and we will calmly talk
Hey, I was silent, you will not do anything to me
As it turns out funny - everything secret becomes obvious
And each role played here while we put the scenes
I was a victim, but only my low self -esteem
Frodo doubts, but dancing from a cliff
The ring of omnipotence is hidden in the germin
Life is a compromise, and this is not always bad
But some of them have too high price
I have long forgiven Schokk.
Now I can forgive Zhigan - it was and was
Maybe I will forgive me who were injured, loving
But the main thing is that today I forgive myself
You Might Also Like [Part III]
[Verse 3]
Rus', where are you rushing, who is to blame and what to do?
Are I trembling creature or have the right? BUT
What are our boys made of?
How Much Is the Fish?
Why is birches noise in Russia?
And why did the natives ate Cook?
Do you have a Slavic cabinet for sale?
Who are we and where, from where?
Who needs a slice of the July sky?
Why do people not fly?
True or action?
Where are your seventeen years?
Where does childhood go?
Is there life on Mars?
What should we do in Greece? I
What is the coming day preparing me?
How much does your freedom cost?
How does the homeland begin?
Life or wallet?
How much is an opium for the people?
Is there someone alive?
Wait, who is going?
What is the strength in, brother?
How much does a gear cost?
How much do you earn?
How many centimeters?
What? Where? When?
Who want to be a millionaire?
Where is this street, where is this house?
Where are the best parties?
To whom additives?
How much to hang in grams?
Where does the police look?
Who Let the Dogs Out?
Who do you love more - dad or mom?
What is love?
Where do dreams bring?
What's in a name?
Who if not we?
The driven horses are shot, right?
But the main thing: who killed Mark? 170MBED