Translations Enginery Lyrics [Words of "muse"]

[Verse 1]
I became the one that the one I dreamed of was dreamed of
You follow me ? (You follow me?) I don't want to wake up
A luxury brand said to me: "We don't want rap."
You know the che-ri
I said: "Too bad, quiet, I speak AP '"
The next day, I hit their face
She had the face of Natalie Portman
She said to me, "I don't want a couple life either
Tonight, I want to cut myself off from this world that disgusts
Baby, come to my hotel and we turn off the laptops. "
I know a radius, I do not tell flutters
She bit the pillow as if it was a cheesecake
But it's always the same (it's always the same), she held my hands (she held my hands)
She said to me, "Do you love me?" I said, "No, you moved me."
I repeat, I have no landmark
You are not the only real pearl in my repertoire
One evening, farted under the reverbs
Maybe I will turn to you
Time passes, I don't know the till, I have
Finished farted in the middle of the fields, in my city of Champions
I'm like a champagne bubble
Coming from below, I want to die on the surface
[Bridge 1]
Well-watered evening (well-watered evening), give me their sorrel (give me their sorrel)
The salmon will be pink and (the salmon will be pink and) the field 'will be rosé
(Mac Mac) Mac Cain Family at Stud '(Mac Cain Family at Stud'), it reminds Woodstock (that reminds Woodstock)
Five in the Mini Austin (five in the Mini Austin), the sound takes you to Houston (the sound takes you to Houston)

[Verse 2]
I became the one that the one I dreamed of was dreamed of
You follow me ? (You follow me?) I don't want to wake up
The same luxury brand said to me: "We want your rap."
You know the che-ri
I said, "No, thank you. I set up my own brand
And remind me of recalling your muse. "
I didn't give him news
We were not natural, we were not ourselves
Always on the move in the evening
But, that matters, it is the surpassing of oneself
I have to enjoy the life I lead
Before happiness became another blow
I couldn't afford to know well
Now I apply myself in haute couture
I saw people drowning, I allow myself to detail
The facts, hard to pay the rent when the salary is low
Indeed, carving out your veins has become for some young people
The only way to get big cuts
You might also like [Pont]
Given my idiots, that's sure I'm high
I feel close to L.A
Me too, I am built on flaws

[Verse 3]
Everyone is bad (everyone is bad), they love money so much (they love money so much)
You talk about friendship but you leave as soon as you no longer need my help
Even under Jet Lag, I stand a gentleman ... Liar!
It's hard to be a young person who rejects evil, my heart
Irradiated with gamma rays, let me shoot the cam
I read manga rays, sometimes it looks like a kid
"You're dangerous, Nekfeu, on stage. You are shit, you abuse!"
Prudence is a mother of security ... Safety, your mother the whore!
They want to give me advice (give me advice), my phone-tie vibrates (my phone-tie vibrates)
They film my concerts (they film my concerts), instead of living them, ah

[Outro]
Frémont!
Do you see this image that people of rap have?
We are going to change that ... 183EMBED