Thingsglishall Time Low - Monsters (Remix) [FT. Demi Lovato & Blackbear] {Vietnamese translation} lyrics [Introduction: Alex GASKARTH]
Why do monsters appear at night?
Why do we sleep in where we want to escape?
Why do we run back to you, as we don't mind if you ruin my life?

[Verse 1: Alex GASKARTH]
One more day, adding a headache in this hangover
Become familiar with the rhythm, yes, we are familiar with this rhythm
The tunnel vision makes us feel like you are the only one I see
But we know what is missing when we are swimming
In my lonely luxury
[Chorus: Alex GASKARTH]
I wonder, why do monsters appear at night?
Why do we sleep in where we want to escape?
Why do we run back to you, as we don't mind if you ruin my life?
Why am I addicted to your lies?
Stretch like laundry clothes on each wire
Why do we go back to you, as we don't mind if you ruin my life?

[Verse 2: BlackBear, Blackbear & Demi Lovato]
We are addicted to how to hurt us, the way you conflict with us
We swear that everything looks worse at night, we think we have thought too much
I am not interested in hurting anyone on the way, we are sinking
In every word, we don't care if you lie when we are drinking
So, tell yourself the great lie, look at your face
Tell me that you love me, even if it's fake
You can guide us and leave these questions in bed sheets
I was under the blanket, had cleaned my bed and still wondered

[Chorus: Demi Lovato]
I wonder, why all the monsters appear at night?
Why do we sleep in where we want to escape?
Why do we run back to you, as we don't mind if we ruin our lives?
Why am I addicted to my lies?
Stretch like laundry clothes on each wire
Why do we go back to us, as we don't mind if we ruin our lives?
You might also like [Bridge: Demi Lovato & Alex GASKARTH]
Thinking about you, being in my head
Even when I alone, I still feel like dying
Why do we run back to you, as we don't mind if you ruin my life?
Death, think about you, being in your head
Even when I alone, I still feel like dying
Why do we run back to you, as we don't mind if you ruin my life?

[Chorus: Alex GASKARTH, Demi Lovato, both]
We wonder why all the monsters appear at night? (Star?)
Why do we sleep in where we want to escape? (Hide)
Why do we run back to you, as we don't mind if you ruin your life?
Why am I addicted to your lies? (Star?)
Stretch like laundry clothes on each wire
Why do we go back to us, as we don't mind if we ruin our lives?

[CONCLUSION: Demi Lovato, Demi Lovato & Alex GASKARTH]
Yes Yes
As we don't mind if you ruin your life