Life and death of Kenneth Glöckler Lyrics [Songtext on "Life and Death of Kenneth Glöckler"]

[Intro]
It is slowly getting time to comment on the shit here
The lies that you spread over me throughout Germany
It used to be "fuck the police" or Louis V
Today they are LKA officials and security
As it is today was not our will, honest
Which slave does over a hundred mills annually?
Kenneth sits on TV and lies to save his call
But you would actually like to put in my shoes so much
You are bird -free because you break the code of honor
You are not unhappy for these media without me
I am supposedly a slave of the Abou-Chaker family
Shame on you - Arafat was something like your father
You lived thanks to us like a king in Berlin
Deserves a fortune here, suddenly I hear that you are fleeing
You have forgotten where you come from, the money takes your senses
But no problem, I'll help you jump, Kay!
[Part 1]
I'll tell you again, wait briefly
I start after separating your umbilical cord
Somewhere in Ravensburg
For you the Bonzen area was something like the Bronx
One could also talk about "Malibu's Most Wanted"
With your Durags and the nasty baggy
Seriously thought you are the Swabian Nelly
Arrogant Kenny absolutely wanted to be so hard
Looted his piggy bank and then founded chablife
But once you enjoyed, Jaysus would never have accepted yours
Then you would never have come before
"How do you write a whole song?" - The guy was your teacher
As a thank you for this, you are lying and cheating on it later
And then you moved on like the grasshoppers
Everyone knew, number one in terms of German rap was Staiger
You signed the bunker deal
But instead of being happy
Back then you just felt if you earn enough
You had a few real friends, but rather
You put off with any boygroup members
You thought it was time to leave the bunker '
Then your mother wrote a fax, you can ask Staiger
After a few days you noticed that you need a apartment
From now on Kay lives on Akay from Overground
And for the first time, fans are exchanging fame
You will be seen more often later
Runs with you, Kay - sad but true
Now the next one has to serve, the main thing is a star
Then you hit Eko Fresh, who believes that you are talented
As well as he could, your stay paid for
Who let you live with you, it was not about million'n deals
But that you get promo and see a little coal
Remember, Kay, the Cologne nourished with you
Playing the clown in the café was worth a few tips for you
They got part -time jobs so that you are earning something about it
But since the first clip with Eko you have felt too famous
He called Olli, but he didn't send any money either
Because your stepfather wanted you to fall on your snout
He didn't believe in you when EK believed in you
And what are you going to thank you for? You stop
Give your patrons again
Kay, you really wanted to go to me in the capital
But you didn't have any wire with me
So you only crawled in Saad, well, that's how you know you
You wanted to be backup rappers with him
Hoff test secret, he takes you here, here to Berlin
But no, Kay - nothing happened, so the idea came to you
That you just send me a message at MySpace
You lied, Saad would have pulled you off
In this way you were looking for the contact upwards
I want to pay your mother's debt
At that point I don't even know your mukke
I invited you-Switzerland, New Year's Eve, solo show
You were just a clown for me anyway like Cosimo
Like a litterer, you are hazardous to me
Blind, you didn't even tell your parents
Strange, your kind, but I was sorry for you
Debt here, owe there - the poor Kay, which was bankruptcy
I have been in it and took care of you
And you immediately had everything you needed
I died for you and just made myself
Everyone laughed over the bleached hair
And Arafat took you to the Katzbach-Café
And made it clear to everyone: "Nobody laughs at Kay."
He just said: "The boy is now one of us."
"And none of us treats nobody like a dog." - Yeah
You liked it to ride through the city like a cowboy
You absolutely wanted to be called "Bilal Abou Chaker"
Disco pure, disco out, party with the pussies
Drunk every day and Ari bears the costs
How often did you risk a thick lip
Because you knew nobody wants to fuck with you because of us
Because Berlin has no respect for a metrosexual
But Papa Arafat regulates that with clamps
And today you have the audacity to blaspheme
But he hit his own cousins because she was cheeky to you
You were now working on ARI
And so he became your best friend - jackpot
I have taken for each of your studio days
Cash and checks, as you know, I pay just
I took you to every tour - Austria, Germany, Switzerland
With that I want to show Kay, what friendship means
Bring you on the canvas, feel good all the time
For you it was all a matter of course
Four years later the hype came around yourself
"I have, I have, I have style and the money" - Yeah
Suddenly you have your own shows
It's about Schicki Micki, Weiber and Coks
Champagne for the Pain, Cocaine for your brain
Now he has what he wanted, the mile of players Kay
I was no longer good enough for you - you started doing cool
You are withdrawn because of a few clicks on YouTube, you
Have also tried to bring Ari to
"Fuck anis, man, we do our own thing."
But he just laughed at you what a hard basket
Do you know what is called something like that, Kay? Father murder
Shindy had to come here - Prince of Belvedair
Little work, a lot of money and complain afterwards
Four hundred thousand you did a minimum
But tell me: How much do you give Shindy away?
None of a cent, Kenneth, tell me who is the slave driver here?
And your sick brother even lives on poverty
Suddenly the stepfather of Kenneth stood there
And make me a caress manager
Founds a GmbH
A guy, as greasy as the gel in his hair
Go to all gigs, flash light, Rich Kidz
Hangs on Kenny all day, like his bitch titles
Then this night-and-fog campaign came
Do you think the ongoing contract here is already regulating?
You might so like [bridge]
"Yeah, Kay! That was your life, your whole life. Do you still know, then? Chablife? Royal Bunker? Cologne? Berlin? And as they were all called on your way to the top, you old snitch. Yes man! And I didn't mention so much, age. What about your threat of threats that we get every day? If you have sniffed too much cocaine, age. You don't make yourself cool, age. Emory said that too. But, you know what? I don't take Emory seriously. That's the same as a bastard. Do you understand what I mean? Only your skin color is different. In the heart you are exactly the same son. But shit on it, man. That was the story and now comes the final, Dikka. Yeah, Kay! "
[Part 2]
Because this is a execution, your death will be today
Refuse to your childish diss, which was lied
You and I know: this is the truth
And from now on I fuck your existence, you bastard
Hang on the tail of RTL, you probably need your promo press
Bloated botox frames through alcohol excesses
All bells are the same, whether Harald or Kenneth
After this track you run to Bitch to the lawyer
Little kids turn your head - exorcist
You come after your stepfather - sex tourist
Mommy loves you, but when the coal runs out
Leave you like Ley for a fashion show, Yeah
Kay, you are just the Ladyboy from Lake Constance
And can see your career on the floor today
Like to happen, I continue with your quota gneger
Because of me you see your gay marriage failure
He is on the phone - emory, famory
And calls you a hawso son - gaymory, Shamory
I have so many questions for you two victims
When I hit Kay, am I a Thai boxer?
You embarrassed yourself with the statements
Black shit stain that the Ray Ban concealed
You patented gay, make "fuck fake friends"
But you are the greatest fake friends
Yeah, there is no shake hand with me
Go suck at Hallaschka
This track makes you cold like Alaska
Your face is bloated by the coke
When do you stop fucking the little girl?
Cheers on you, boy, was my brother, but when I was
Heard you raped one from bisou
She slept in the hotel, you came in the fully puzzled undershirt
I knew that you subjugate in the jungle camp
It's Sonny Black, you are just a Wannabe Black
C-Promi-dirt from the village disco
You are so ungrateful, I'll let you stab you
Just like my electro ghetto tattoo on my forearm
If I want, go for a walk at Alexanderplatz
A freedom that you don't have as an informant
You can't even go to McDonald's on the corner
Your best buddy is an undercover commissioner
I hang out with gangsters, you are hanging with the police
Promigary in the club makes your father on Robert Geiss
What does your freestyle bring you when we get you?
I pull myself from V.I.P. Pure, English version
In the past you thought you are a blatant street gangster
Now you are just a mid-range hit singer on Malle
Kenneth, come back on your ego again
You laughing is just the matteo this year
31er, listen, a line doesn't make you cool
Your techno junkie fans look as shit as you
Remember back, Echo 2008
You sucked on the shit house - at Lorielle
This is not just a rhyme that I have
He really sucked on the shit house - at Lorielle
It's not funny, you think the track here is pushing yourself
But this is a final line
Small info on the edge, just that your decision is known
That everyone who depends on this bastard is my enemy
There is no small talk, there are no netting
You have to decide for yourself which side you stand
I have now reviewed everything
In the end, I only have to hate you
It is not to be undone, no, man
Rest in Peace, Thai hooker, Gay One
I'm not even doing this for myself - you run with me, you spast
I do that for the people that you mean something
For everyone who has ever supported you
So that you can say hooker today you are something
For Arafat, without whom you would have eaten
For Shindy, he wrote your best texts
For Eko, the friend in your hardest time
For Staiger, he gathered you first
For Jaysus and Crime Payz, your boys in the south
People who just didn't meet you
For my daughter, who I can tell later
Her father was an Ehrenmann62embed