Rhetorical (Feat. BjAXX & D.A.) LyricsOften confused with Confuscious the way my future been bullish
Take off like i done stole this
Not even quavo could pull this (Quavo)
Hit the gym bout 3 times, n-now my arms lookin swol-ish, all the foolish
Competition out here sweatin out bullets
Fridgin flows, I’m the coolest
Got YouTube comments in Polish
Word tour P, my girl wit me- they stock been tankin like goldfish
Put you on notice we know this, seen all the pics you been taking
Man it stinks like you faking- We got ideas incubating
(Oh baby)
Like... I got a suggestion, Me you and your bestie become best friends
Countin money after counting blessings
Thanking God every time you were them leggings
I ain't got no worries, I ain't trippin' we ain't stressin'
Them lame-ass haters in the back, who you frontin' on?
Asking why my aura so florescent... Is that a rhetorical question??

Hop up out the motha fuckin whip lookin clean
Must be sippin listerine, pockets bussin at the seams
And so it seems P too clean like i just outta rehab
Planting seeds, growing trees no one smoking pipes like we have
Aye shoes adidas you see that from my girl she bad
I see your feedback but Probly won’t get a tweetback
Don’t need to rehash on all the times that we need cash
Escobar we stash... money up to our knee caps

Like... I got a suggestion, Me you and your bestie become best friends
Countin money after counting blessings
Thanking God every time you were them leggings
I ain't got no worries, I ain't trippin' we ain't stressin'
Them lame-ass haters in the back, who you frontin' on?
Asking why my aura so florescent... Is that a rhetorical question?

Why don’t you and your friends
Come with me and my friends
My name D.A. game like EA, we got money to spend
What you know about it? You need to learn somethin’
Because it’s okay we could drink or we could burn somethin’
Is you sippin’ or not? Am I trippin’ or not?
I don’t even know but my ex is just bitchin’ a lot
Swear you look like my new girl, damn you the flyest
Meet me in the cockpit
You could be the pilot ( Let’s go!)
You might also likeLike... I got a suggestion, Me you and your bestie become best friends
Countin money after counting blessings
Thanking God every time you were them leggings
I ain't got no worries, I ain't trippin' we ain't stressin'
Them lame-ass haters in the back, who you frontin' on?
Asking why my aura so florescent... Is that a rhetorical question??1Embed