Bang! Pow! Boom! Sampler Lyrics[Intro]
“Is that a dick in your ear?”
Would you let a man stick a dick in your ear? I think not. Yet you continue to listen to lame radio stations every day, which is just like having a big dick in your ear!
“Fuck the radio!” (Welcome to the wicked shit)

[Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope]
(Woo!) Heheheheheheh. You won’t be hearing us on 102.Foo!
Or 88.Hate!
Nah, we don’t give a fuck, fuck, fuck about that shit-
You see, the radio is afraid of us!
Our music takes you on an adventure, into the dark realm of the Dark Carnival, presented only by
By, by, by Psychopathic Records! (Whoop whoop!)
We are the most hated band in the world
The Duke of the Wicked
And the Southwest Side Strangler
The Insane Clown Posse!
From Detroit City Murderous
It’s ICP
Big Violent J
And Shaggy 2 Dope
Back with super producer Mike E. Clark
Exploding
On September 1st
With the release of their brand spankin’ new album
The incredible Bang Pow Boom

[Sample from Bang! Pow! Boom!]
With a Bang! (BANG!)
Say goodbye to everything!
Your complete annihilation is the reason he came!
And a Pow! (POW!)
He's wiping everything out!
Turn your whole fucking world into a mushroom cloud!
And a Boom! (BOOM!)
It's your inevitable doom!
Nobody escapes, and everybody's consumed!
With a Bang! (BANG!)

I’m sick of the fuckin’ radio telling me what the fuck to listen to
What’s fresh, what’s not fresh, what’s hot
What about the shit I wanna hear? Like some underground shit
Some fuckin’ real shit
You might also likeMan, the Wicked Clowns are that untapped, untouched shit
Unfucked with by that mainstream
The real, authentic, underground wicked shit (Woo!)

Bang! Pow! Boom! Features 17 crispy-ass tracks of all-out Dark Carnival wicked shit madness
Including the brand new instant horror classic juggalos are bound to love: Fonz Pond

[Sample from Fonz Pond]
The water's thick with murky mud
The weeds are red like splattered blood
In this pond a spirit cries
Snakes and bugs replaced his eyes
Some don't believe and dare to swim
Something under will pull you in
Hidden deep in the wild brush
If you know where it is, then hush
(We almost there)
Don't go in the water!
At Fonz Pond
Don't go in the water!
At Fonz Pond

[Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope]
Fonz Pond is about a haunted pond, somewhere deep, deep, hidden within the woods, and all kinds of kids dare each other to jump in the water, and go up there and end up missing and shit. Something pulls them in the water. It’s, uh, it’s spooky. Also, the street banger for stranglers called, “To Catch a Predator”

[Sample from To Catch a Predators]
I'm probably gonna burn for this
Ain't no lesson to learn from this
There's nothing I’ma earn
But it sure is fun (to catch a predator)
I said it sure is fun (to catch a predator)
And it sure is fun (to catch a predator)
Violent J poses as a child on the internet and catches pedophiles at his house. Then, he hangs them by one foot in the basement and tortures them. It’s fuckin’ awesome

Only on the amazing Bang! Pow! Boom! can you find this high-energy spazmatic flavor bad boy right here (The Bone)
The song is like an instant shot of energizement (The Bone)
And it’s called (The Bone) The Bone. (The Bone) (The Bone) (The Bone)

[Sample from The Bone]
The bailiff came at me with a pair of cuffs in his hand
He was taking me to jail, but that wasn't my plan
I broke the arm off my chair, stabbed him hard as I can
He got the bone... HE GOT THE BONE!
I jumped over the others and kicked the door down with my feet
Ran down the steps and headed right into the street
Waved down a car, the driver stopped and looked at me
He got the bone... (Get out, bitch!) HE GOT THE BONE!
I hit the gas and I'm swerving in and out of my lane
Coppers on my tail, I'm driving like I'm insane
Old man up in the street, crossing slowly with his cane
He got the bone... HE GOT THE BONE!
Smashed into a post, I jumped outta my car
Hopped over a wall, running through someone's yard
Ran into a house, the father tried to be hard
He got the bone... (Bone muthafucka!) HE GOT THE BONE!

[Child] Mom!
[Mother] We would love to keep playing that song for you, but until Bang! Pow! Boom! comes out on September 1st
YOU GOT THE BONE!

Collectors, peep this out (What?)
Bang! Pow! Boom! will be available in three different flavors (Ooh!)
You’ll notice in stores that the CD comes in three different colors. Well, that’s not the only thing different about them. Each of the three versions also have their own unique album intro and hidden track. Which version will you cop? Green, red, or blue? Hm? (Hmm)

Featuring absolutely no special guest, ICP return to their original Dark Carnival ways on hilarious tracks like “Boing Boing”

[Sample from Boing Boing]
Bitches get sprung when I walk by
I dunno if it's my ass, or maybe cause I talk fly
But no lie, as soon as I speak to 'em
They all want me to screw em

And “Juggalo Island”

[Sample from Juggalo Island]
We can have fun. (Ha ha ha ha ha!)
We can let go, by the water
Bang! Pow! Boom!, Sunny like high noon
Met some ‘lettes, and they all comin’ over soon
Have a luau, I'm getting blew out
Come over here if you ever get threw out
We gotta place for ya-

(And) (And) And the slow-rollin’ thunder-slammin’ masterpiece (masterpiece)
“I found a body”

[Sample from I Found a Body]
I found a body (found a body)
I sure as hell could use a buddy (use a buddy)
I'm lonely, I could use a homie (a homie)
Ever since I got out, stress has been on me
(Stress has been on me...)

(This song) (This song) (This song) (This song)
This song is about finding a dead body in an alley. It’s grizzly and bringing it home to hang out with. It’s brutal. Classic ICP wicked shit, psychotic, Mike E. Clark is sick for this one (sick) (sick) (sick) (sick) (sick)

Man, the Wicked Clowns are not afraid to go to the extreme to entertain. That’s just what they do, and that’s who like this shit. People who are into extreme shit

(BANG! POW! BOOM!)
This CD sampler also comes with a ninja decoder tool
Hang onto this high-tech device and find secret important messages hidden within the massive booklet that comes with Bang! Pow! Boom!
Don’t forget, those who seek shall reap great reward

(The Wicked Clowns will never die, bitch!)
ICP serves as a shining light source of just how far untapped, independent music can go (go, go)
Completely uncensored and relentlessly on the fuckin’ move (move, move, move)
The Wicked Clowns will never die

Don’t miss out on this soon-to-be juggalo classic
ICP’s new album, Bang! Pow! Boom!
Hits stores everywhere and anywhere down with the clown
September 1st, 2009

[Mike E. Clark]
Check out insaneclownposse.com to have your wig flipped off your head every day, bitch!

[one and a half minutes of silence]

[Mike E. Clark]
Oh shit! I fuckin’ forgot!
Wait
What do- (laughs)
Oh shit! I fuckin’ forgot! Go to www.wfuckoffradio.com, nine to one-
Can I [?] not do the “oh shit”?
Alright
Oh shit!
Go to www
Wait, I gotta say, “I forgot,” right?
Alright
Oh shit! Go to ww-
I forgot to say I forgot
Www.wfuckoff, okay
Okay, ready?
(clears throat)
Okay
Oh shit! I fuckin’ forgot! Go to www.wfuckoffradio.com from 9 AM to 1 AM and get your fuckin’ head blew off!
(laughs)
Every Tuesday and Thursday! 9 PM to 1 AM
And what?
(laughs)
And get schooled?
And get fuckin’ schooled!
(laughs)Embed