She is not yours (Remix) Lyrics [lyrics of "She is not yours (Remix)"]

[Intro: Rochy RD]
Ha, Rochy!
Myke Towers
Nicki Nicole
This E 'The Official Remix
Hey how it says

[Chorus: Myke Towers & Rocky RD]
She didn't
(Release that, partner, take me from me)
He says he has no owner
And when he is with you, that is the most beautiful, ah
(A "oh", that a "uy, mom")
The same thing does with it '(one, one, a novel)
And she didn't 'yours, she sold you sleep, woh (will she continue?)
Deco who has no dumane
And when he is with you, that is the most beautiful, woh
(Get over with that, go there with that, partner)
The same thing does with it '
[Verse 1: Myke Towers & Rochy RD]
Never think 'or what about you because she is part of the game
This and 'a eat and go, my love, you vemo' after
I do not trust in a woman, any
He is making you look bad, Manito; that you, ring
Compa, I know that I see you a battery.
But with what you release, 'he doesn't give him a purchase'
She looks for someone to sponsor
There is no leather to suffocate me
In the background, they are not like on the surface
I warned you that if I was going to post it, that I did not taguera '
I had suspicion ', but I didn't know it was so bad
Now she has a better new friend, one tamara
When they ignore your call ', they laugh out loud'
Hey, get him if he wants ', but, don't do it' public
Bastard, do you think 'what you are going to be the only one?
What e 'what you want'? What in the corner they tell you "the vein"?
Even in car of another 'man' has you stop you, yai (ah)

[Choir: Nicki Nicole, Myke Towers & Rochy RD]
I am not yours, I sell you sleep (je, ey)
Know 'I have no owner
When I am with you, and 'the most beautiful (how?)
The same thing does with it '
And she didn't
He says he has no owner (you are coming with the subject)
And when he is with you, that is the most beautiful, woh
The same thing does with it '(Ah, how does it say?)
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Nicki Nicole]
Child, how much 'I see' I have it 'e repeated'?
I am not a woman of anyone, so calm the frenzy (how?)
I happily told you
So shut up already your mouth and stop talking about me
An appointment with you?
If you want ', call me and I'm
But don't taguee 'please
I don't have time for your hypnotic historite
It happens to fuck him that gives him follow
He wants something serious, I want to play (EH)
Want 'or don't want', I have you in my hand '
Devil, you 'tá crazy, engualicha'o (oh, ey!)
From my body vicia'o (oh, eh), you can't get out of that (oh, h)
'Tá looking for a way out, it was lost in the excess'

[Choir: Nicki Nicole, Myke Towers & Rochy RD, Nicki Nicole & Myke Towers]
I am not yours, I sell you sleep (how?)
Know 'I have no owner
When I am with you, and 'the most beautiful (je, ey)
The same thing I do with it '(hey how it says)
She didn't
He says he has no owner
And when he is with you, that is the most beautiful, woh
The same thing does with it '
[Verse 3: Rocky RD]
Partner, I tried (eh), but you can't
He 'tá paying something, you have to leave it, and that e' that he owes it (oh)
Already at the level that one 'tá, to burn with a Leather?
If the fair does not circulate, I go folds and moves
It will continue'? (En) The one that my 'cousin' has?
No e 'from Boca, Tiguerone' Hemo 'passed through the same (oh)
In feeling, one lets a leather give you honey
That woman uses you, she sold you sleep like a ñiño
When I see this system (s), actually 'I even like
Your 'street' number is attributed 'like a brush
They made you a cuica, barbarian, with Photosho '(OH)
Go to trial thoroughly and you will see 'that was triggered (mmm)
Mono, he was warned (EH), but the 'chrome' (mmm) was frightened
The fear of mine and 'to kill her, there the return e' a fool
I used you for video (EH), but everything was a
Not even so took her, he was freezing and wants to be a gangster

[Chorus: Myke Towers & Rocky RD, Myke Towers & Nicki Nicko]
She didn't
(Release that, partner, take me from me)
He says he has no owner
And when he is with you, that is the most beautiful, ah
(A "oh", that a "uy, mom")
The same thing does with it '(one, one, a novel)
And she didn't 'yours, she sold you sleep, woh (will she continue?)
He says he has no owner
And when he is with you, that is the most beautiful, woh
(Get over with that, go there with that, partner)
The same thing does with it '

[Outro: Rocky Rd & Nicki Nicole]
Ha, Rochy!
Myke Towers (Yeah-Yeah, Yeah)
Nicki Nicole
Cream record producing (EH-EH-EH)
Vulcano (mmm) 1embed