Be Easy Lyrics[Intro]
Ugh-ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh, ugh—ayy
Where the piano at shawty?
Y—Yea—Y—a—Yeah
Y'all ain't never seen a dope boy play the piano and rap at the same time, have you?
I'ma show you something, partner!
Bop to the left and right like this here, nigga
Come on, homie!
Dig this!

[Verse 1]
I'm 22 and a vet in the game
Say I'm, I'm super cool, still a threat at the same time
Rhyme 'bout the times I invested in 'caine
Pleasure and pain in every aspect of the game
I'm the answer to your prayers if you praying for change
So, how dare you compare us and say we the same?
When I'm, I'm climbin' the ladder, they stuck in the same mindframe
They accomplishments are nothing to gain
And visually, see, I'm outta your range
Except this rose-gold glow from my wrist to my chain
I entertain young niggas who slang
Like a picture, no frame, see, it's simple and plain
Ayy, my shit bang, spit flames, put niggas to shame
Flow so insane, lyrics sick and deranged
Now, you can't mention my city 'less you mention my name
T.I., P-I-M-P, I'm the man (Ayy, ayy)
[Hook]
(Ayy, be easy) You don't want no trouble with me
(Just be easy) The drama ain't nothing to me
(Ayy, ayy, ayy, be easy) Before you having problems, just breathe
(Ayy, be easy) Ayy, you ain't worth dying, believe me
(Just be easy) You don't want your mama to grieve
(Be easy) Well, mind your busness, don't bother the G
(Ayy, ayy, be easy) Swear you stuntin' but you frontin' to me
(Just be easy) Behind the scenes or behind your breezes
Ayy, be easy

[Verse 2]
You came in kissing ass when I came to lead
Set the standard for Atlanta, rearranged the lead
Okay, so what the fuck is fame to me?
I been popping since kindergarten, you's a lame to me
I give the niggas what they came to see
A reflection of oneself—what they aim to be
As you can see, it ain't no change in me
And you won't meet another nigga off-the-chain as me
I'm so fly, no lie, don't deny it, you felt
So inspired by my style, decided to try it yourself
But you won't meet nobody ranked as high as myself
The checks you waiting on, homes, I can sign them myself
Tote gats, dro—smoked that—now, I'm high
Seats way back in the Maybach I ride
Through the streets of the westside, I slap five
And throw dubs, show love, nigga, hate me—why?
You might also like[Hook]
(Ayy, be easy) You don't want no trouble with me
(Just be easy) The drama ain't nothing to me
(Ayy, ayy, be easy) Before you having problems, just breathe
(Ayy, be easy) Ayy, you ain't worth dying, believe me
(Just be easy) You don't want your mama to grieve
(Be easy) Well, mind your busness, don't bother the G
(Ayy, be easy) Swear you stuntin' but you frontin' to me
(Just be easy) Behind the scenes or behind your breezes
Ayy, be easy

[Outro]
What it is, pimp? T.I.P., "Trap Muzik," understand that?
Ayy, ayy, ayy, just be easy
Grand Hustle, pimp! Ayy, what's hatnin', Toomp?
Ayy, be, be, uh, be easy
Let's ride out, homie! Hey, hey, hey, what it is, man?
Ayy, ayy, eep it pimpin', be easy
P$C, Pimp Squad Click, shawty!
Ayy, ayy, it's T.I.P., be easy
Uh, uh... Yeah, yeah, a—ye—yeah!
It's Grand Hustle, be easy
Ayy, ayy, uh, A-Town...
Be easy
Ayy, ayy, uh, stay down
Man, be easy
Keep it pimpin', pimpin'! (Ye—Ye—a—Ye—Yeah!)
Ayy, ayy, just be easy
Ayy, ayy, well, be easy
Man, be easy
Ayy, just be easy1Embed