LUCK LYRICS ["Luck" ft letter. Skull & Bejo]

[Chorus: skull]
I'm never in a hurry, when I smoke up
I don't know what are you going to give me, if I have everything (huh)
I am not in a hurry, I endure the smoke
Hoping to see if it is resolved alone
I'm never in a hurry, when I smoke up (hey!)
I don't know what are you going to give me if I have everything (Aha!)
I am not in a hurry, I endure the smoke
Hoping to see if it is resolved alone
[Verse 1: lasser]
Rare fixations that I pursue (OH)
Sound in cassette or vinyl (Yeah)
I dream strange things with you
I never tell you, so always calm (hahaha)
I have revelations when I sleep
Reality shocks when I wake up
I know I don't explain myself, but I understand myself
And that looking for the solution would be to waste time (OH)

[Verse 2: lasser]
A underwater pineapple house, such as Bob (Yeah)
A FANSO BUCKET AND A ROBOT FRIEND
I represent the dragon figure (What)
I smoke by the mouth, but of gold the heart (uh!)
My bright eyes, like snake skin
I don't get my nails, but teach the teeth
Good things happen and I always say it (that)
I'm like luck (Woo!)

[Chorus: skull]
I'm never in a hurry, when I smoke up
I don't know what are you going to give me, if I have everything (huh!)
I am not in a hurry, I endure the smoke (hey!)
Hoping to see if it is resolved alone
You Might Also Like [verse 3: skull]
I want it simple, like pixelated (soft)
Under screen, kill the bad
Steal the chest and live lying (hehe!)
With the cloud on top, but a clear sky (Woo!)
I don't have a comb, crochet needle use (I)
I am still sad, fuck, the booklet (UH)
In the pockets three broken pitats and pitis
And in the reel boat, herbite or photos

[Verse 4: skull]
Those of green want my green (no)
I don't carry bones but they come to smell me
I have smoked all doggy, bad luck
Try to come the following before, Bless
Gather tickets, pay it in hand
Gather the flowers, form a bouquet
I am not farding, but I know we arrived (uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)
Better I don't say na ', boy, it's to' clear

[Chorus: skull & bejo]
I'm never in a hurry, when I smoke up
I don't know what are you going to give me, if I have everything (Ayy!)
I am not in a hurry, I endure the smoke
Hoping to see if it is resolved alone
UH, UH
[Verse 5: Bejo]
Check as it wiggles, oh yeah, passionate
Normal that does not believe it '
They told me: that no farandulea (no, no!)
That kid knows, although this evil of the roof
That a band is not unique, you know what I say (What, What)
I have not killed anyone, but I have a murderous flow (Woo!)
Here we are because we have come
There is no doubt and doubt, he went down, retaking his path (UH)

[Verse 6: Bejo]
It seems that I will be in Chinese Mandarin (Woo!)
It seems that I live in the Sims (Ey!)
It seems that nothing is the same here
I distribute candy flavors (hey!)
But I'm thick, all this is weight
On my backs they will split the bones (wha-)
I drink the espresso, I smoke all that (na)
But I don't stress me, on the forehead a kiss
Hey

[Chorus: skull]
I'm never in a hurry, when I smoke up
I don't know what are you going to give me, if I have everything (ha!)
I am not in a hurry, I endure the smoke (Yeah!)
Waiting to see if Soloembed is resolved