Lyrics criminal [letter from "offender"]

[Enter: Anuel AA]
The 'untouchable', the 'illuminati, he heard, baby?
BRRR
Bad Man Thing Is This

[Chorus: Farruko & Anuel AA]
They say I'm a criminal, there people are what they speak
For me to speak, to comment, because nobody owes anything
Thank God I give him why he brought me here (Wassup?, Uah)
He did not leave me alone and realized who is pa 'me (pa' me, pa 'me)
They say I'm a criminal (Blp, Blp), there people are what they speak (Blep, Oeh)
For me to speak, to comment, because nobody owes anything (pum-pum-pum, ya-yah)
Thank God I give him why he brought me here (Bless, Bless)
He did not leave me alone and realized who is pa 'me (Anuel, Brr)
[Verse 1: Anuel AA]
(BRR)
Devil, what Cherreo (Ah?)
I took money and lowered the de'o (haha)
I was no longer the king of mirrors
Now I'm a devil and the press wants to see me prisoner
And they speak shit 'e me, but they don't talk about Congress (haha)
They say I'm a criminal, the rifle always in my house (uah)
So many bastards that hate me and that always threaten me (no)
And I don't let me kill and I'm going to see my son grow (-er)
And my wife (-jer) also needs me
My mai 'I don't stop crying, I know I failed (uah)
Because I was his angel and I became Lucifer
And I surpassed
I was canceled Choli, in prison they want to see me
They judged me for my 'lyrics' and they put my foot
But fifty million ', world tour already crowned, uah
And what are they going to do to me?
'Toy drunk with power, uah
They say: "Who is believed?"
Hijueputa, I'm Anuel, Uah
BRRR

[Chorus: Farruko]
They say I'm a criminal (eh-eh), there people are what speaks (eh-eh, h)
For me to speak, to comment, because nobody owes anything (pum-pum-pum)
Thank God I give him why he brought me here (Wassup?)
He did not leave me alone and realized who is pa 'me (pa' me; Farru! Yah-yah-yah)
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Farruko]
(Pum-pum-pum)
A private charter arrived at the runway 'track
Decorate individual, well -known character
A CAN of the TSA sits and marks the luggage
And Customs' officers ask how much in cash suit (PU-PU-PU-PUM)
Official apology, I don't remember singing 'exact
I come tired of the trip, a bad time I do not need
If e 'more' of what is due, it is reported and reported
I filled the paper badly, I apologize, I did not read the norm '(Pu-Pu-Pu-Pum)
There is nothing to hide, I am totally legal
Boss, I am a singer, I come from working
Confiscate it if they want, with him they can stay
But don't come to arrest me because you want to guide
[Bridge: Farruko]
They looked, they healed, I spoke about me, and I was, silent I stayed (Shh)
They defamed, they judged, they even torn me, but, up there is a game '(up there is one)
That he sees everything, and I trust him (in the name of the father, the son)
They try to get your foot, but they will not be able (of the Holy Spirit)
Farru!

[Verse 3: Anuel AA & Farruko]
And even if I am (bum)
A bandit where I go (PU-PU-PU-PUM, UAH)
I GRACE 'A DIE' (OOH, A DI ')
For today I am (eh-eh)
And vo 'to continue with my tomb' (Aah, oh-oh)
And with my eye 'colora'o (colora'o)
With mine 'active'o (active'o, uah)
You have been given to me (uah, pu-pu-pu-pum)
[Chorus: Farruko]
They say I'm a criminal, there people are what they speak
For me to speak, to comment, because nobody owes anything
Thank God I give him why he brought me here (Wassup?)
He did not leave me alone and realized who is pa 'me (pa' me, pa 'me)
They say that I am a criminal (Blp, Blp; EH-EH), there people are what they speak (Blep, OEH)
For me to speak, to comment, because nobody owes anything (pum-pum-pum, ya-yah)
Thank God I give him why he brought me here (Bless, Bless)
He did not leave me alone and realized who is pa 'me (pa' me, pa 'me)

[Outro: Kendo Kaponi, Anuel Aa & Farruko]
Ez Made The Beat (Pum-Pum-Pum)
Once 'someone said that the key to the success of' La Calm
And that would come without notice, without flag and without alarm
That will not despair me
Eme said something from the "eye for eye"
And "from which iron dies"
But knows' how much 'innocent' killed that they never shot?
And how much we 'made' more 'than I write and remain' alive '?
And and 'that they are "generalist' are for soldier '
They were not born to be general, anyway
If I try to be another one, everything is defined in resist
In supporting without measuring
Changing so much 'thing' that sometimes feels' that you stop existing
Failure, no; give up, no; kill him 'no; Avenge it ', no; hate him ', no
I know there is a God, but and if not?
Not and the same to doubt that not to believe
That is why I do not allow anyone to underestimate my faith
I am dead 'who gave more' problem 'being alive'
But I am alive 'loose that would give more problem' being dead '
And that and 'without talking about his' friend'
What do you know 'to jump the dreams' for the regression'?
If you get up to count the 'day' of your sentence to crush these cabrone '?
They will never understand what I speak
But if I'm still alive, e 'because he gave' has fought for my life
Much more 'of what the devil has fought, Amen
Kendo Kaponi
Farruko
Free kendo
Real until death, he heard, bastard?
BRR
Mera, tell me Farru
Mera, tell me ez
Mera, tell me exile
Real until death, he heard, baby?
The 'untouchable'
In prison and on the street, he heard, you bastard?
BRR, AH?
The only one who can judge me and 'gave'
Although an acampe army against me does not fear my heart
Although against me, I will be confident against me
Brr, Amen, Ah?
The system 'does not' corrupt, daddy, we never look 'to chotee, hehehe
Real until death, bastard7embed