What you deserve lyrics [first stanza: al2]
Hey you! Silence
This is not to dance in your Baileys
I'm not anyone's baby, I have a problem, maybe
My lyrics are rare and reproduce like the gremlins
Your style is old already, see if you find an inner

Yes Yes Yes
This is Easy, how to go by bike
People take me crazy, I'm a rarisi bug
Take it easy
It is more than difficult to understand ’my crisis
I have ordered the product as winn-dixie
And I don't care about your money, I don't care who you are
I don't care what you talk, what you think, or want
I don't mind
So you cut something you don't believe
Look to see how you express yourself
Think about it with the village

Boys, better look good
As if the grandmother had prepared a lunch
That there is no chance, this young man is retiring style
This week I made another demo, I traffic the rap by kilos

I take care of my ethics, you your aesthetics
Therefore, authentic letters do not write your metric
I think it's not wrong, it's lousy, I confess you
That in the country of the MC's you were already imprisoned

Cone! Every time I turn to the bejuco
I feel like their wand are the tricks end
Hey Hugo, always from the sleeve I take it out
If they are going to eat my banana like a macaque monkey
Check it!

Although now I find myself in the future of the past
And I have spent it hard, I have not stopped
I am sure, with my forehead in high pa 'to' lao '
Why am I pride of my parents, did you hear your Singao? Ha!
You Might Also Likeyo I do not do songs
Emprobleman problems, man
They are semi-God, so who fears who?
That all of you know me and bite me well
Of the little ones who are still rapping on his contén

Hey you friend!
I don't get Guabía
Your bling-bling is the head of the pinga of mine
Time has passed and new fashions have emerged
But rap will not change, who does not like to fuck

[Chorus]
And don't let the rules contain you in their framework
You can shoot the arrow without having the bow
You can navigate without having a sea, or boat
The moon is further, I have had it in a puddle

You can be who you want to be whenever you strive
Without harming so that it does not weigh you
If your conscience happens strong, and in peace dawns
There will be no way to take away what you deserve

[Second Stanza: Akapellah]
A.K.A. Pellah
My name is still the same
Only now I dedicate myself to tourism, and Pata
Because there is still no displacement
Sometimes by bus, and sometimes taxi
I don't think weight
Nor that the appearance matters
When it is good shit what a black does
Nigga, ahh shit!
I will make being rapper and fat is fashionable
The fitness that fucks
Diet
In a few years everything has happened quickly
I have sweated gross the shirt
I barely have a couple of trophies on the shelf
And I still greet everyone with the same laugh

That I owe an audience that shit I know
But why do I have to please them ’?
As I receive, I give, but I don't know
These children are losing faith

There is assumed that there is a boom, but it is pure fraud
True rap does not applaud it
The same strains affiliated with Cumlouder
Criticize your videos like some summa cum laude

That pellah is changing, as is burning
To repeat words now when they are rapping
That the album is very expensive, it is like mojoneando
They accuse me of copion and do not know what I am copying

Have you heard Pimp C and UGK?
Nate Dogg and Warren G on the regulate?
Run-D.M.C. or n.w.a?
Or was the Apa & Can album your first Mixtape?
I started in 2006
And in the high school I already had peo 'because I've always been pure use

You were punk, reggaeton, then Rave
And now they know of hip hop, who is real and who is fake
How much do you have 16? What's going on here?
Why is youth so Wanna Be?
They made a club where you can go
If you like to go to Mamars it to the MC's

You criticize me?
If constructive I accept it
But you want me is to breastfeed the pipí
I have the most West Coast sound that exists here
Who told you that I copy Notorious B.I.G?
Nigga SUCK MY DICK

[Chorus]
And don't let the rules contain you in their framework
You can shoot the arrow without having the bow
You can navigate without having a sea, or boat
The moon is further
I have had it in a pond

You can be who you want to be
Whenever you strive
Without harming so that it does not weigh you
If your conscience passes strong, and in peace dawns
There will be no way to take away what you deserve