Medusa Lyrics ["Medusa" letter]

[Intro: Jhay Cortez & Anuel AA]
Can you still 'or don't you still follow me?
Real until death, brr

[Choir: Jhay Cortez & Anuel AA, both]
There is no excuse (there is no excuse)
I spent thirty thousand in the jellyfish (Versace)
She always wants me (ah)
Here if he takes it out ', uses' (USA '(USA')
What a cojone '
Here you spend Chavo 'with Cojone' (with Cojone ')
But always with the stick (with the stick ')
In case I get off (BR; PRR), and I pull it (Brr!)
There is no excuse (there is no excuse)
I spent thirty thousand in the jellyfish (Versace)
She always wants me (uses me)
Here if he takes it out ', uses' (USA '(USA')
What a cojone '
Here you spend Chavo 'with Cojone' (with Cojone ')
Always Andamo 'with the stick' (with the stick ')
And we lowered '(and lowered us'; brr), and they give them to you' (brr!)
[Verse 1: Jhay Cortez & Anuel AA]
Hey, and I pull it (and pull it)
Here to 'the bullet' are hollow (BRR)
Here you die good or bad (or bad)
Here Pablo and Gonzalo, Prr-Prr, dies, ey
The kilo 'in the USA
'Toy Millionaire, in the jet playing 2k (ah)
I caught you 'I slept' and I tend to you 'the spray (brrr)
And I have the crown 'the trap, I have always been the king, Brr! (AH)
Get the mucus
O Tumbamo 'of the stick as coconut (BRR)
Now everything 'want war with the madman (crazy)
And if I light you, I turned off as focus (brr; ah)

[Choir: Jhay Cortez & Anuel AA, both]
There is no excuse (there is no excuse)
I spent thirty thousand in the jellyfish (Versace)
She always wants me (uses me)
Here if he takes it out ', uses' (USA '(USA')
What a cojone '(what cushone')
Here you spend Chavo 'with Cojone' (with Cojone ')
Always Andamo 'with the stick' (with the stick ')
And we lowered '(and lowered us'; prr), and 'damo'

[Verse 2: Jhay Cortez & Anuel AA]
Ticketing 'and more' that it '
Without going to Cuba, the Cuban 'on the neck (in the neck)
To cry for mine, to cry the 'of it'
And the Palestine 'pa' Tumbarte del Camello (Brr; Ah!; Does it follow me '?)
I feel like Messi (like Messi)
But he 'tá with adida' and I with Nike (Nike), ah
Cristiano Ronaldo (Ronaldo)
Toa 'my house' and to 'my car' are balance ', yaah
The real pressure to death
Your Corillo cooperates with the 'agent'
On the wrist, bastard, I have one hundred and twenty
I did the abdomen and now he asked me for the tooth ', ey (Yeah; BRR)
That if anuel is popcuting (ah)
And the papele 'are cleaner' than the hundred million 'that I have in the bank
I'm 27, not white
And I spent a million at the Patek Philippe, I'm already manco (brr; oh)
Your whore in the VIP (VIP)
You do not enter 'to the album if it does not have' id (-d)
She says it's Bi sucking the bisho
And if not, BRR! It is prra! And it's not the Maravish, hey (Brr!)
Make me a dispossession (amen; a dispossession)
The diabolical x6, seat 'in red (seat' in red), ey
My album is platinum
Like anuel, chatting in the Latin Billboard ', can I follow me'?
I married a queen; MUFASA (Karol G)
Seven million 'is worth my house (oh)
A house is worth the Richard Mille (Richard Mille)
And to this 'envious' what happens to them? (Brr!) Brr! (AH)
You Might Also Like [Choir: Jhay Cortez & Anuel AA, both]
There is no excuse (there is no excuse)
I spent thirty thousand in the jellyfish (Versace)
She always wants me (uses me)
Here if he takes it out ', uses' (bastard, uses it')
What a cojone '
Here you spend Chavo 'with Cojone' (with Cojone ')
Always with the stick (with the stick ')
In case I get off (BRR), and pull it

[Verse 3: J Balvin & Jhay Cortez]
Direct from Medellín (Wuh)
I am not Kanye, but I may see me 'with Kim (Kim!)
I don't go to the bank, but there is Chavo 'in the briefcase (-tin!)
And I'm not a gift, but I feel like the King of Kings (Kings!), Leggo
And there is no excuse (there is no excuse)
In the Versace, buy 'toa' the 'jelusa' (cash, cash, cash)
I became rich in Medellín with the US Silver
And in the street they take care of me in case someone with me abuses (Amen)
And do not border on (they do not border)
That you 'everything' know my 'level' (BRR)
I already bought the jewel
Since I have a million 'I don't talk about Ciene' (SHH)
And don't speak 'so much
The Murakamis cost so much (cash, cash, cash)
I bought another jet that flies higher (fium)
And when I get off, pa'l phantom is direct, already
[Chorus: J Balvin, Jhay Cortez & Anuel AA]
There is no excuse
I spent I don't know how much in the jellyfish
She whenever she wants uses me
Here's ', my g, don't confuse you', Yeah
What a cojone '
Here you spend Chavo 'with Cojone' (with Cojone ')
Always with the stick (with the stick ')
In case I get off (BRR), and pull it (brr!) 6embed