It is not exploited by Lyricsletra of "It does not explode" ft. Eddie Dee
(Beep, Beep!)
(Beep, Beep!)
"Hello?"
"Look, Eddie ...!"
"Hey ..."
"What is there, bastard?"
"Tego, bastard, what do you do daddy?"
"Well daddy, remembering you pa ', that I am closing the album to see when-when we are doing about us."
"Well, when you want pa '! What are we doing?"
"Well, you know what people are waiting for, bastard ..."
"Acho yes, what they want is war."
"Well, well, let's do it, you know ..."
"Well, I watches to destroy them again, who fucks."
"Well again, kill them again."
"Go ahead."
"Ta 'well, well we chek."
A pig of pigs want to profit from mine
But they don't work, that's why their world is cold
They sought that I roof them
And I'm going to break their bastard ass that they will have to wear a kotex
I enjoy leaving a company in mourning
And their singers became gross
My lirica leaves them in shock
And although I don't have a glock
I put them to jump like Tony Hawk
And me without balls
Say what you want
Does not take away my dream or you or your rumor
Your lyrics are Cheapie
Your older flow than a hippie
That happens to mix cables with the crypt
The other is choking to 'Puerto Rico
And even in a video it comes out by betraying a guy
For me you can frontize everything you can
Because, Pai, even Superman I saw him in a wheelchair
What you lack, once, is a vagina
Well, you already have long hair and more tits than taína
Victory do not anticipate
Well, they found the older couple from Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen

Hey, you don't explode it
(Do not crash or cause me!)
In the lirical game they have gone in coca
(For being pending males like crazy ones!)
Hey, you don't explode it
(Do not crash or cause me!)
In the lirical game they have gone in coca
(For being pending males like crazy ones!)
You might also like I needed the hieraera to hit me
But, if they threw, now they have to listen to me
Low of the trip
There is no more chapter in your character
And your Mercedes has erased three times and a thousand
I am who I want to be
I have no na 'to lose
I have what you have to have
And he is not going to be able
Play me with me
Zumbenmen some shots and leave alive
And the underpants are going to shit
Humility does not work with these piglets
They get confused
They are morons
AND BOCONS WITH CUPS
They can not
But what do they want
If they don't have
'So in the same shit from Dj Eric
I do not border on the other Alicoco
(Haha!)
With these two they pointed
Others by little
Your veteran I crush my worst day
Without anomaly
Porfía if you don't trust
Everyone deals with the defect they have
Teach
Your lirica pa 'mi are firewood
So you think we are talking here
They massacred a thousand mc, but not me
Much pa 'ti
Hey, you don't explode it
(Do not crash or cause me!)
In the lirical game they have gone in coca
(For being pending males like crazy ones!)
Hey, you don't explode it
(Do not crash or cause me!)
In the lirical game they have gone in coca
(For being pending males like crazy ones!)

Throw to 'what they have
Bite the bembas
They do not intend
YOUR HOUSE WITH YOUR TAMBUGUA
I take things depending on who comes
NO OF THE PORKS OF THE JENGA-JENGA

Hears
Instead of Jenga-Jenga they would have made Yangue-Angue
O A auditions for the merengue fat boys
Putting guasa with the Latin Grammys
Your name did not mention them in the dressing room

And we remain in danger of extinction
(Because singers like us are not in the area!)
The one who gets with the eddie or Calderon'a
(He ends up making sex as Verona!)

The bastards are more pigs than the navy
They speak shit of each other, and even pina
I do not guerreo to be fine with my label
Moreover, be the mother of the Tieraera

And speaking of course, Tego, I wasn't going to guerriate with those fat
But you know that the one who shut up grants
And they are charros, always with the same can
But the shot came out of the cylinder head

Hey, you don't explode it
(Does not collide or cause me)
In the lirical game they have gone in coca
(For being pending males like crazy ones)
Hey, you don't explode it
(Does not collide or cause me)
In the lirical game they have gone in coca
(For being pending like crazy ones!) Embed