I don't lose anything (Nothin ’to lise) LyricsCypress Hill Feat. MELLOW MAN ACE
Miscellaneous
I don't lose anything (Nothin 'to lise)
CyPress Hill Feat. MELLOW MAN ACE
I don't lose anything (Nothin 'to lise)
Play with the rules or if I don't break you
Well tight you are in my light
If the pigs come, I put you on a cross
Nothing to make you hide
You entered, your bales being your you
When this suits me taste
If you are on my way I show you my heat (ahh!)
I put it on the table they beat the scissors
Raperos are slaves of a company disk
You can't lose, just choose
A group of thieves who are not thieves
You have what it has to be and you don't break
Take care of health and share with the compas (Compa)
Be careful, with the track
If you are in the hill use your view (view)
What is told? I'm a story ...
[Chorus x4:]
I give you my everything, I don't lose anything
It happens yesterday, time ends ...
[Sen Dog]
I give you my everything, you know how I am
I get to your head, I destroy you today
I grab my pen in your brain
I will not stop until you are dead
I am in my running area and I destroy you
I put in a stick to cook, port day
I am the crazy one, I grab a photo
Understand the photo I care little
My name is Tremendo thunder
And I don't understand how he keeps biting
I keep writing, I defend myself
My rhyme and style are Pingeños
I have my post, I manifest it
I give you my everything and I always affection for you ...

[Chorus]
[MELLOW MAN ACE]
I break that is what I do
MAFIOUS STYLE, I throw you in a lake
Oh by God, Mellow Man, what do you want more?
This is a war here there is no peace
I represent, I'm an example
Of rappers at home that break camp
Oh who can with Mellow and Cypress Hill?
When you get this there will be tremendous mess
3 cannons, we are 3 lions
Who wants a little piece, the kidneys birth
PZZ PZZ! Piñiazo on the forehead
That I never entered, it goes for my people
I started, Cypress followed him
The best group of this century
Realize, you are not competition
You bite the style, you are a thief ...
You Might Also Like [Chorus] Embed