This Place Hotel (a.k.a. Heartbreak Hotel) Lyrics[Intro]
Hoo!
Hee!

[Verse 1]
Live in sin
Ten years ago on this day, my heart was yearnin'
I promised I would never ever be returnin'
Where my baby broke my heart and left me yearnin', hee, hee!
As we walked into the room, there were faces
Starin', glarin', tearin' through me
Someone said, "Welcome to your doom"
Then they smiled with eyes that looked as if they knew me, this is scarin' me
[Pre-Chorus]
We walked up the stairs still concealin' gloom
There were two girls sittin' in my room
She walked up to my face, said "This is the place
You said, "Meet you right here at noon" (Uh!)

[Chorus]
This is Heartbreak Hotel
Welcome to Heartbreak Hotel
So this is Heartbreak Hotel
This place is Heartbreak Hotel

[Verse 2]
Hope is dead
She thought that I had cheated for another lover
I turn my back to see that I am undercover
Now I can't convince this girl there ain't no other, hee, hee!
Someone's evil to hurt my soul, every smile's a trial
Thought in beguile to hurt me, this is scarin' me
Then the man next door had told
"She's been here in tears for fifteen years", this is scarin' me

[Pre-Chorus]
We came to this place, where the vicious dwell
Found that wicked women run this strange hotel
There was Sefra and Sue, every girl that I knew
And my baby said, "Love is through" (Uh!)
You might also like[Chorus]
This is Heartbreak Hotel
Welcome to Heartbreak Hotel
So evil Heartbreak Hotel
This place is Heartbreak Hotel
Someone stop my heart (Heartbreak Hotel)
This is Heartbreak Hotel, hee! (Heartbreak Hotel)
Ten years ago on today (Heartbreak Hotel)
This is Heartbreak Hotel, hee! (Heartbreak Hotel)

[Guitar solo by Michael Sembello]
Hoo!

[Chorus]
Someone stop my heart (Heartbreak Hotel)
This is Heartbreak Hotel, hee! (Heartbreak Hotel)
Ten years ago on today (Heartbreak Hotel)
Hurtin' my mind, hoo! (Heartbreak Hotel)
You break my baby’s heart (Heartbreak Hotel)
This is Heartbreak Hotel (Heartbreak Hotel)
Just welcome to the scene, hoo!
No, oh I11Embed