Fame Lyrics [lyrics for "fame"]

[Intro]
La la la la la la la la la La (Lucry)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la be (Suena)
Icing

[Part 1]
For you, after my first word, it was over
At the top it is lonely
You pay the Benz from your advance
I pay the Benz from mine
We celebrate hard, fuck shows
And we love risk
After 22 years I understood
My father doesn't just want to get it briefly get
It's slowly getting evening again
Put my little sister sleeping
I drive around on the street
Every now and then breaks a nose
Not from sugar, but the nights are cold
Love calls, I have no reception
Mobile phone vibrates in the hand
Can't read it, I'm back on alk
[Pre-Hook]
When the first rays shoot through your window in the morning
And tickling your nose, you have to sneeze halfway down
Are our blocks too high, we couldn't enjoy it
Not even the sun can do it here (La la la la la la la la)

[Hook]
EY YO, what's up?
We drive through my area in Kolonn'n
I just tip 'only in the iPhone, what I experience'
Shit, man, so now we are fame
EY YO, what's up? EY YO, what's up?
Mom, look here, your son has finally done it
You have been a millionaire overnight
Shit, man, so now we are fame (ey)
EY YO, what's up? (EY) EY YO, what's up?

[Part 2]
I hate violence
But sometimes you have to get them lane
And you can see each other live
You have to piss on your shoes with your pants
I play a show in an arena
You play in pubs, so please rest
All cards away in ten minutes
Bitches offer sex for tour tickets
The rap scene is just a monkey circus
In the little children like to do with weapons
I stand where I stand because I am who I am
And not because someone placed Apache here
I know myself, I was gone for a long time
But even if I drop a children's song (La la la la la la la)
Better piss off from my relea - (Apache, La la la la)
You might so like [pre-hook]
When the first rays shoot through your window in the morning (La la la la la la la la)
And tickling your nose, you still have to sneeze half of your sleep (la la la la la la la la)
Are our blocks too high, we couldn't enjoy it (La la la la la la la la)
Not even the sun can do it here (La la la la la la la la)

[Hook]
EY YO, what's up?
We drive through my area in Kolonn'n
I just tip 'only in the iPhone, what I experience'
Shit, man, so now we are fame
EY YO, what's up? EY YO, what's up?
Mom, look here, your son has finally done it
You have been a millionaire overnight
Shit, man, so now we are fame
EY YO, what's up? EY YO, what's up? 3embed