TRANSLATIONLISHTYLER, THE CREATOR - SWEET / I THOUGHT YOU WANTE TO DANCE FT. Brent Faiyaz & Fana Hues (Portuguese) Lyrics [Translation of "Sweet / I Thought You Wanted To Dance", by Tyler, The Creator]
[Part I: "Sweet"]

[Intro: Tyler, The Creator & DJ Drama]
No, no, no, no, no, listen, listen
(Call when lost, lost)
The driver will leave you
(Call me when lost, lost)
Okay, okay, the waterfall is crazy
I don't know, invent something, say something to him
Uh, come here
Still in the boat?
Call me when you are lost
[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
You and me, we fall in love
I read the signs, nobody wants
But God must know that he may have hit the peak when he made you
The only mistake in the cosmos is how it named you (what does that mean?)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
They should call you sugar, you are so sweet
Well, they should call you sugar, girl, you are so sweet with me
Bro, they should call you sugar, sweetness, oh, you are so sweet
Because, love, you are the sweetest, sweetest, sweeter, I met

[Post Refrones: Tyler, The Creator]
Love, you are the sweetest thing

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Even if you left me here
My feelings would not change at all
(You know what I feel for you)
You know how I feel, love
Infinite, the love I have for you
A diamond could not make a kneaded in it
Let's go to the bridge (okay)

[Bridge: Brent Faiyaz]
Honey, you are the wind under my wings (my heart)
This triple of time when I see you, something I can't control
If I compare you, the sun is resisting
You have a smile that can illuminate a planet, yes (oh, oh)
And I just wanted you to know
You might also like [chorus: Brent Faiyaz]
(They should call you)
They should call you sugar, you are so sweet
Well, they should call you sugar, girl, you are so sweet with me
Bro, they should call you sugar, sugar, you are so sweet
Because, love, you are the sweetest, sweetest, sweetest I met (oh, girl)

[Bridge]
(You are the sweetest)

[Chorus: Brent Faiyaz]
They should call you sugar, you are so sweet
(Sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar)
Well, they should call you sugar, girl, you are so sweet with me
Bro, they should call you sugar
You are so sweet (so sweet, yes)
Because, love, you are the sweetest, the sweetest, the sweetest (I know)

[Output: Brent Faiyaz & Tyler, The Creator]
And you are so beautiful (yes)
And you are so smelling (yes, yes, yes, yes)
And you are so hot (yes)
Bro, you're so good (yes, yes, yes, yes)
You are the sweetest (yes, you are)
Sweet like the fucking brown sugar, sweet potatoes (are you ready?)
Oh yeah
[Spoken dialogue]
The plan was to stick my finger and
Check the temperature but
Next thing I know
I'm drowning
[French?]

[PART II: "I THOUGHT YOU WANTED TO DANCE"]

[Intro: DJ Drama]
This one is for the sunshine
Plays the sound

[Chorus]
What makes you think
I'm not in love?
How could you know
What is best for us?
Why am I here alone?
Because I thought, I thought you wanted to dance, yes
(Welcome to the Dance Club)

[Interlude: Tyler, The Creator]
You are so good for me (yes, yes, yes, yes)
Yes, that was good for me (yes, yes, yes, yes)
You are so good for me (yes, yes, yes, yes)
You are so good for me (yes, yes, yes, yes)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Fana Hues]
So what makes you think (what makes you think)
I'm not in love? (I'm not in love?)
And how could you know (as you could know)
What is best for us? We, we (what is best for us?)
Why I'm here (why I'm here)
Alone? (Alone)
Because I thought you wanted to dance with me

[Verse 1: Fana Hues]
Honestly, it's all love all the time, yes (yes, yes)
I do not intend to deceive it, because
Listen to me, there are some things I'm trying to do
But I lost my energy to you
I want you so much, but not so fast
It's not your fault, we can't pretend because
What can go wrong?

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & DJ Drama]
What makes you think
I'm not in love? (Is so good)
How could you know, know, know
What is best for us?
Why I'm here
Alone?
Because I thought, I thought you wanted to dance, yes
(Once again)
Because I thought, I thought you wanted to dance
Because I thought, I thought you wanted to dance
(Because I thought you wanted to dance with me)
I thought you wanted to dance
(Because I thought you wanted to dance with me)
I thought you wanted to dance

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
I wanted us to never have known each other, I wanted us to never have connected
Like Lego, good connection, but mixed sign
If you say yes, like cardio
We sat up and down, but we didn't blink, it looked dirty
Because we were in sync, I swear to God, if you and he never called
I tear this ass as if something was stolen
I make these eyeballs come back to your skeleton
Call a tail number, where do you want to go?
What the fuck he has that I don't have much?
There is my ego again, this is the problem
What fuck did you expect? I will get what I want
I want you to say you chose me from your voice
I have twenty -five, love, but I came for a choice
You promised me, but this is not the point
You got me here smoking charros
You got me here losing the point
I'm canceling the photos and I'm taking it -
I'm asking for a ride, you touch, so inviting
Your seat has my name in it, but who is driving?
He is in hiatus, we spend time and we repeat and backward
Your headlights hit my eyelid
Is love blind and are you together? Don't remember, it's so confusing
What are we doing, how are you? Oh, are you choosing him?
Okay, I have to deal with the loss, fuck
I have not slept well, torn eye never says
I'm busy, so I don't think, because the time of inactivity is when it sinks
I keep looking old pictures, I thought you wanted to dance (dance)
I thought you wanted to dance, I (dance)

[Output: Tyler, The Creator & Fana Hues]
Love love
I wish we had been timely
I will keep a dance for you
So don't forget me, BA-BA-BA-LA
I'll keep a dance just for you
I wish we had been timely
I'll keep a dance just for you
So don't forget me, BA-BA-BA-LA
I'll keep a dance just for you inbed