I’ll Be With You Lyrics(I am not sure about this; I couldn't find these anywhere. There are a lot of effects on the vocals that make it hard to understand)

Woah ooh yeah

Now everything about you I've heard outside really doesn't seem that bad
And when I think about you the people groove, really seems to make them mad
When I see tomorrow's door and I needed you
Visions of my yesterday seem to come to view
I tried so very hard I know
To make a maddening groove
But all the time I know when I return I'll be with you
(I can't take it) I can't take it, yeah, baby no
(I can't take it) I get down 'cause I know when I get home
(I'll be with you) I'll be with you
(I'll be with you) You...
(I need to love you, I need to (???)) You know it's true
You...

And when I think about you the world outside
Really doesn't seem that bad
When I read the morning paper
Sorrow tries my faith
The news is always (???) and I can barely (???)
I know that I'm thankful by the time I (???)
In spite of all the bad I see the beauty in your face
Pretty people think they need
A big fine car to shine
Often times are hard
And you don't have a proper dime
I get down to thinking I
In my thinking I'll (???)
With you in my sight, I could survive the test of time

I'll be with you...
Baby...
I'll be with you girl
You might also like(I'll be with you, all I need to know is (???)) I'll be with you
I'll be with you
I'll be with you
(I'll be with you all I need to know is (???)) I... I don't want to be with nobody
(???) Nobody but you...
(I'll be with you all I need to know is (???))
Nobody but you baby
(I'll be with you all I need to know is (???)) Oooh
I don't want nobody else, honey
(I'll be with you all I need to know is (???)) But you...
(I'll be with you all I need to know is (???)) I'm working hard, playing hard, drinking hard

This is the captain to the mothership! Prepare to take it to warp 12...
(I can't take it)
(I can't take it) I said when I'm on my way to my job
On my way to Funk Motors trying to push the Motor Store
I said baby for me, and for you, and the baby too
(I can't take it) Woah, yeah
(I can't take it)
Yes I will girl
I said will the motor (???) come pick me up in the morning

The worst times are like always, all the workers are like me
Haters laugh at that because I can hang up that degree
Time goes by
And quickly changes, soon it's time to leave
But you see I've got this woman
And it just won't let me be!
But it don't bother me
Baby
Don't bother meEmbed