Stick and Move Lyrics[Intro: Violent J]
Mop up the floor with that bullshit
Cause I'ma stick and move
I'ma stick and move anybody, do anything to get what I need to take care of me and mine

[Verse 1: Anybody Killa]
Stick and move, out of the way (Watch out)
Duck your head, time to pray (Uh)
I'm lookin' for anyone who ever doubted
See me in the streets if you wanna talk about it (Bring it on!)
These days, I got nothin' but time
So, I'm gonna use it all to chase down what's mine (Gimme that!)
Actin' crazy when you know you soft
And the only thing hard is that shit you talk (Uh)
You ever seen a redskin get tipsy
Then take it to the old school 1850's? (Watch out)
Arrow stuck in the back of your neck
Just because your mama raised you to disrespect (Boy!)
New game means whole new rules
And I guarantee y'all that I will not lose (I won!)
I guess I'm gonna take it back to my roots
Warriors stand up and let's get these fools! (Come on!)
[Hook: Anybody Killa]
Stick and move, stick and move!
Stick and move, left to right!
Stick and move, stick and move!
Back it up, back it up, back it up, back it up!
Stick and move, stick and move!
Stick and move, left to right!
Stick and move, stick and move!
Stick and move, stick and move! (Don't let no one catch you!)

[Verse 2: Anybody Killa]
Ha ha! That's what I'm talkin' about
Stick and move like a heavyweight knockin' you out
What you thinkin' about when you runnin' your mouth?
Tellin' people that how know me like you lived in my house
Things like that, I won't take
I'ma grown ass man, you best get that straight (Get that straight!)
All I do is roll state to state
So I can look into the eyes of those who relate (Whoop whoop!)
So if you comin' with me then let's go
We gonna make it more hype than the night before (That's right)
Just a bit more out of control
So, learn to live a little and watch your life grow (Come on!)
Don't mean to steer you wrong
But when you're livin' in the ghetto, life don't seem long
Stick and move, move and stick
Cause second chances don't come that quick (They don't come that quick)
You might also like[Hook: Anybody Killa & Syn]
Stick and move, stick and move!
Stick and move, left to right!
Stick and move, stick and move!
Back it up, back it up, back it up, back it up!
Stick and move, stick and move! (Come stick and move with me)
Stick and move, left to right!
Stick and move, stick and move! (Come stick and move with me)
Stick and move, stick and move! (Don't let no one catch you!)

[Bridge: Syn]
Come stick and move with me
Right through the industry
Come stick and move with me
Stick and move, stick and move

[Verse 3: Anybody Killa]
Let's say this was a game of tag
Will you hide and go get whatever made you mad?
I see you, can you see me?
Even though I stick and move through the industry (Whoo!)
Skip back, play it again
We should all represent our race (Represent our race)
Open your eyes, 'cause what you want
Is staring you right in your face (Your face, come on!)
[Chorus: Anybody Killa & Syn]
Stick and move, stick and move
Stick and move, left to right
Stick and move, stick and move (Come stick and move with me)
Pack it up, pack it up, pack it up, pack it up (Stick and move, stick and move)
Stick and move, stick and move (Come stick and move with me)
Stick and move, left to right (Right through the industry)
Stick and move, stick and move (Come stick and move with me)
Stick and move, don't let no one get ya (Stick and move)Embed