Summerhouse Lyrics[Intro]
Hello, did you miss me? I missed you
I'm back

[Verse 1]
Couple of L's, couple of blunts, couple of wins
Couple of drinks, couple of girls, couple of trips
Couple of bags, I got my foot on the gas
I get the money and dash, you know what's funny to pass
Why is you doublin' back?
Open your mind, turn on the vibe and get off the internet
Leave it behind, sayin' goodbye, move it along
Light up the spliff, I wear my heart on my wrist
I push the start on my whip, I got a garden, it's lit
I play my part and I dip
Pour me the Henny and fill it up, pull me, I really don't give a fuck
Rich me like an ATM and they still feel like I don't give enough
Summer house sippin' dot-dot-dot
Ace of spade with the indica
Where I'm from you hear pop-pop-pop
Niggas trippin' so you better duck (You better duck)
Playin' to win, do it for love, shit is a drug
Give me a hit, give me a sip, give me a bump
Give me a fix, I wanna feel everything
Family trip, family pic, get in the frame
[Chorus]
Call my phone, how is you? (Good, and you?)
I'm okay (Just okay), nothin' new
What's up with you? (I'm okay)
Just okay? (What you mean?)

[Post-Chorus]
Sunshine, sunshine, yeah
I could fall in love right here
I could be young right here, I could live it up like, ayy
Sit up in the sun like, ayy, kick it in the cut all day
Listen to the drums all day, bang-bang-bang

[Verse 2]
Never givin' 'cause I am addicted to the better livin'
I'm my father's child with a better vision
When he talkin' business then you bet I listen
And the bed I made is the bed I live in
I could get a house with a better frame and a better kitchen
But the bed I made with my bad decisions gon' remain the same
I just make it sound better than this
I started sellin' my tears, I started tellin' my fears
I think I'm better with beer
Some prolly say that I'm not, I didn't say that I care
Always the butt of the joke, now they just hate on the low
I wouldn't call her a ho, but she fuck with niggas with dough
And she don't do nothin' at all
Bask in all of that daylight, shawty all in my face like
Bad chick like Baywatch, I be all in her brain like
Mama call me, I'm gone now
All she want is some FaceTime
Baby boy he all grown now, she just want us all home now
You might also like[Chorus]
Call my phone, how is you? (Good, and you?)
I'm okay (Just okay), nothin' new
What's up with you? (I'm okay)
Just okay? (What you mean?)

[Post-Chorus]
Sunshine, sunshine, yeah
I could fall in love right here
I could be young right here, I could live it up like ayy
Sit up in the sun like, ayy, kick it in the cut all day
Listen to the drums all day, bang-bang-bang

[Outro]
What means everything to me is love
Everywhere I go, everything I do, everywhere I am
There has to be love, there has to be positive vibes
Life is too short for anything negative
And anything that you don't love, so for me love is number one
It means everything3Embed