Blizzard Lyrics [Intro: Woman]
You wonder if you are a fierce beast or a saint
But you are both
And so much still
You are infinitely numerous
The one who mistakes
The one who hurts
The one who loves, the one who seeks
And all other sets
Try yourself, be reckless, everything is not fragile
Don't wait until you
Because you are sacred
Because you are alive
Because the most important is not what you are
But what you chose to be
[Verse 1: Quentin Postel]
Oh, what are you doing? Stopped !
What do you get to do like this?
Why are you having trouble like that?
What's wrong ? Talk to me, you know you can tell me everything
But no, but it's bullshit, all that, you know it
Look me in the eye, look at me
We are jerking off, it's not important
Me, I find you beautiful
Since the first time I’ve seen, besides I’m still not r'mis
And then how would I get without you?
And then how would the universe do without you?
It can never work, it's impossible
So don't cry! Don't cry! Because it's going to be fine, I'm promising it, it's going to go
Because we are one of those who heal
Of those who resist, of those who believe in miracles
Not of those who say that when the tables move, it is that someone pushes them with the foot
But one day all that, we will even think about it anymore
We will have forgotten everything as if it had not existed

[Interlude: Quentin Postel]
In the meantime, pass your arms around my neck if you want
While I repeated these sentences which gave us momentum
Are you? Are you?

[Verse 2: Quentin Postel]
Do you hear us, the Blizzard? You hear us ?
If you hear us, will fuck you!
You thought it was going to have, huh?
Did you think we had seen nothing? Surprise, asshole!
Do you hear us, shame? You hear us ?
If you hear us, be careful when you go home all alone in the evening
We might want to make your jaw with metal objects
Or to wash your head with lead, what do you tell you?
Do you hear us, sadness? You hear us ?
If you hear us, it is that you too, you will soon make your bag
Take the first on the left, second on the right, then again on the left and go fuck your race, congratulations! Cheer !
Do you hear us, death? You hear us ?
If you hear us, know that you don't scare us, you can shoot everything you want
We are moving forward anyway, you can't stop us
And we will leave anyone behind, we will let anyone be aligned, all that is over!
You might also like [verse 3: Quentin Postel]
Do you hear us, dignity? You hear us ?
If you hear us, know that we have a g'nou on the ground, and that we are sorry
We are sorry for all that we have been able to give you but we will change
We will become good people, you will see! And one day you will be proud of us
Do you hear us, love? You hear us ?
If you hear us, you have to keep it because we are ready now, that's it
We died, it's true but then we understood
And there, we have the palms open with our hearts in it, it is necessary that you are in the presence and that you are
Do you hear us, the universe? You hear us ?
If you hear us, wait for us! We arrive
We would like to understand everything, know everything, see everything, live everything
We are looking for the door of the new world to be able to blend into large
Do you hear us, you waiting? You hear us ?
If you hear us, remember that you're not alone, never
There are so many of us to be a little wobbly, a little bizarre
And in our heads, there is a blizzard
Like the mystics losers with a big heart, we have to ring the alarm, we meet
Let us come together, let us kiss, be billions of hands
On billions of shoulders, which we live once again that boredom is a crime
That life is a break in the century, a fucking red chili pepper
Nick his mother, the Blizzard!
Nick his mother, the Blizzard!
All that is over!