The Cold Room - S1-E12 Lyrics[Intro]
(You are about to receive a call from HMP Thameside, thank you)
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, currently locked down right now
Ayy, ayy, ayy, Black Gaza shit, fuckin' free all the guys
No link ups, you get it?
Black Gaza shit, Blackwater only
(K6)
Free all my lifers, man
Free Vader, free Maggz, free ST
(It's Tweeko Beats)
Free Krilla, free Young Smokez
(Ay, Tweeko mixed this, you know, it sounds cold)
[Verse 1: Jointz]
Best believe what happens in the wokhouse
Opps signed out 'cah they lost their heart (Mhm)
But I guess I gotta give it to Cruise
But every time we bucked man, I kicked his arse (Haha)
Pop them doors off an AV Honda (Yeah)
Hop out, ain't no one about
Like Drake, all I want is a one dance
With an opp when I'm gettin' him down (Ching, ching)
'016 when we done it on the main road
Boy, better open your eyes
This bait face drillin' can't see no halo
Why jakes always white in plain clothes?
They kicked off my door for a charge
Who done the murder? Why would I say so? (Why?)
And that boy weren't Waters no more
'Cah he weren't one hunna like he just heard Fredo (Aw, man)
Vader made him a crawler, and BC assisted a M
Once he singled him out, and he backed his borer (Yuck, yuck)
Now, Promise in the fire of Hell
Joined some friends, so he ain't no loner
Who says Woodgrange Road is cursed?
'Cause every time someone gets bucked
They diggin' up mud for a brand new hearse (Dead, dead, dead, dead)

[Verse 2: Yanko]
How-how do they rap on beats?
They give all of that Oral-B
When the gang ain't got no fuckin' teeth
Have your intestines lookin' spaghetti
And I don't mean food from Italy
I'm gonna stick in my yank and twist it
Until my yank says "Stop twistin' me"
I'm from Forest Gate, BWC
I'm Blackwater, not Woody
If you know then you know what I mean
If you didn't know my opps are tired
Why you think four got put to sleep?
Light this spliff, now, I'm chattin' with Grinner
Ailton's tryna join in and speak
And nigga, if you want man gone
I'll get that done if you throw me fifty G's
Tell me, why did they sing like Glee?
Why did they rat? Ayy, catch that rodent
This dinger and my man's soul got suttin' in common
They both got stolen
When it's us lot hoppin' out motors
They lose their heart like organ donors
I'm really tryna X men off
If I step with metal in my hand like Logan
I got metal in my hand like Logan
And it come thick like Jessica Dime
Rambo saucy, covered in ketchup
This ketchup didn't come from Heinz
The rallies know I love violent crimes
So they said that my risk to the public's high
I heard I got chinged, and I said I go colly
If that was true then pigs can flyYou might also like6Embed