Re Route Lyrics[Verse]
Ain't with the funny shit, load up a hundred clip
You already know who I'm comin' with (Who you wit'?)
If it's lit, then it's lit, y'all know how we get
We drop shit for the fuck of it (How you get?)
If he make a mistake and move wrong
With no hesitation, Monte uppin' it (Boom)
If it's 10K on this nigga head
Fuck that, we gon' double it (Ha)
I went the wrong way (What?), I had to reroute (Skrrt)
These is bloody shoes (What?), I'll let it bleed out
If she can't get away from her nigga (You tell her), I tell her sneak out (What you did?)
Then I put 'em on molly and Xans (What you gotta?), I gotta geek now
Middle fingers to the opps, they know how we rock, it ain't no options (Baow, baow, baow, baow)
R.I.P. to Pop Smoke, if we find out who did it, y'all know we gon' pop them
Red beam, .30, shot 'em, drop 'em, I'm just bein' honest
Ayy, yo, DWade, you got 'em? (D, I got 'em, nigga), well, mission accomplished (Baow)
Back to this rap shit, back to the topic, count up the profit (Huh?)
I pull up with a bad bitch (Skrrt), by the end of the night, we gettin' it poppin' (Woo)
Speak about rap shit, I hear all the hate, hear all the gossip
But I promised Boobie I'ma chill, for real, so don't let me break that promise (Gang, gang)
Everything litty, everything digital, put that on God (Nigga, that's on the stars)
When I'm back in the city I'm mixing Givenchy with Christian Dior (Nigga, know what you start)
And these hoes tryna get me, they lookin' for comments like Lira Galore (Lira Galore)
I'm back in my city, I hopped out of prison and jumped on the Forbes
Bust down what? Bust down this, big drip what? Big drip this
15K for my motherfuckin' fit (Grrt, grrt), keep twenty-two shots in my motherfuckin' stick (Baow, baow, baow, baow)
[Chorus]
I'm back in my bag, sachet (In my bag)
Don't get me mad, fache (Don't get me mad)
Bitch, I'm a Suvi, I make a movie (Bitch, I'm a what?)
Right in front your Barclay (Like, woo)
Don't let me up it and leave it stuck (Don't let me, don't let me, don't let me, baow, baow, baow)
Pardon me
Don't let me up it and leave it stuck (Don't let me, don't let me, grraow, baow, grraow)
Pardon me
I'm back in my bag, sachet (In my bag)
Don't get me mad, fache (Don't get me mad)
Bitch, I'm a Suvi, I make a movie (Bitch, I'm a what?)
Right in front your Barclay (Like, woo)
Don't let me up it and leave it stuck (Don't let me, don't let me, don't let me, baow, baow, baow)
Pardon me
Don't let me up it and leave it stuck (Don't let me, don't let me, baow, baow, baow)
Pardon meYou might also likeEmbed