TranslationEnglishfrançaisenglishdeutschcardi B, Bad Bunny & J Balvin - I Like IT (Spanish translation) Lyrics [Letter of "Cardi B, Bad Bunny & J Balvin - I Like IT (Spanish translation)"]

[Intro]
Yes, baby, I like it
You have to believe me when I tell you
I said that I like it
You have to believe me when I tell you
I said that I like to-

[Verse 1: cardi b]
Now I like dollars, I like diamonds
I like to boast, I like to shine (yes)
I like millionaire contracts
Where is my pen? Bitch, I'm signing
I like those Balenciagas, those who seem socks
I like to go to jewelry, I like to put stones at my watch (chin-chin)
I like my ex's messages when they want a second chance
I like to show that they were wrong
I do what they said could not
They call me Cardi Bardi, with a body
Spicy mommy, hot tamal
Hotter than a somali, a leather coat, Ferrari
Let's get out of the study, let's enter the car
A constellation on the roof
Presuming to dogs how much I can
Eating halal, driving the Lambo '
I told that dog that sorry (I'm sorry)
For my coins that are like Mario (Mario)
Yeah, call me call cardi b
I give this shit like Cardio
Wouh, wallets
[Chorus: cardi b]
A diamond neighborhood in the chain, chain (I said that I like it)
Certificate, you know that I am GANSTER, GANSTER, GANSTER, GANSTER (I say I like A-)
Lower the roof and explode the brains (I said that I like A-)
Oh, he is so handsome, what is his name? (I said that I like A-)
Oh I need dollars (I said that I like A-)
Hit it like piñata (I said that I like A-)
Tell the driver to close the windows (I said that I like A-)
The bad bitch makes it nervous (I said that I like A-)
Cardi b

[Verse 2: Bad Bunny]
Chambean, chambean, but they don't pull (pull!)
You buy to'a the Jordan, bo ', they give them to me (hehe)
Expenditure on the club (Woo!), What you have at the bank (yes!)
This is the new religion, Bang, is a Latin gang, gang, yes!
I try to diet (Yeh!), But I have a lot of fat in the closet (Woo)
I already moved the 'Gucci Pa' inside the house, Yeh (Woo!)
Bastard, they don't know you in the square (no)
The devil calls me but Jesus Christ hugs me (Amen)
Guerrero as Eddie, who live the race, Yeh
I like Puerto Ricans, I like Cubanas
I like the accent of Colombians (what was there?)
How the ass moving the Dominican (what what?)
How rich the Venezuelan fuck me (Woo!)
We are active, Pin Pin (Woo)
One hundred tickets at the briefcase (ching!)
That the bass rumbles, Bobby Valentín, Yeh (Boo!)
Here it is forbidden to love, tell them, Charytín
What for it Ichor I have claritin
I get to the disc and the riot is formed (rrrah!)
You Might Also Like [chorus: cardi b & bad bunny]
A diamond neighborhood in the chain, chain (I said that I like A-)
Bad Bunny, Baby, Be, Be, Be, Be
Certificate, you know that I am GANSTER, GANSTER, GANSTER, GANSTER (I say I like A-)
Lower the roof and explode the brains (I said that I like A-)
Oh, he is so handsome, what is his name? (Woo, Yeh, I said that I like A-)
Oh I need dollars (I said that I like A-)
Hit it like piñata (I said that I like A-)
Tell the driver to close the windows (I said that I like A-)
Bad bitch makes it nervous (I said that I like A-)

[Verse 3: J Balvin]
Like Celia Cruz I have the sugar (Azúca ')
Your jeva saw me and went chest like Jimmy Snuka (ah)
We are going to lie down the wig
And Pal 'fucking, you bastard, that you don't void the hookah (Hookah, Hookah)
My tennis Balenciaga receives me at the entrance (Woo)
PA-PA-PA-PA-RAZZI, I'm like Lady Gaga (Woo)
And don't do me (huh)
That in Billboard you have seen my face (huh)
I don't get out of your mind (Woo)
Where do you want you to travel "my people"
I am not a hype (hype), I am like the Testarossa ('Rossa)
I am the one who lives it and also the one who enjoys it (enjoy, enjoy)
It's the thing, mommy is the thing (thing, thing)
The one who looks suffers and the one who touches enjoys (enjoy, enjoy, enjoy)
[Bridge: J Balvin, Cardi B]
I said that I like it
I said that I like it like that (RRR)
I said that I like that (wuh)
I said that I like it

[Chorus: cardi b]
A diamond neighborhood in the chain, chain (I said that I like A-)
Certificate, you know that I am GANSTER, GANSTER, GANSTER, GANSTER (I say I like A-)
Lower the roof and explode the brains (I said that I like A-)
Oh, he is so handsome, what is his name? (I said that I like A-) embed