Oh, Biology (From “Freaky Friday” the Disney Channel Original Movie) LyricsI'm ace at all anatomies and master of dissection
An expert chef who wields an expert knife
But still, I sense a gremlin in the system of perfection
There clearly are still mysteries to life

It's kingdom, phylum, class, and then
It's order, family, genus
It all comes back to me like child's play
Then he leans over my shoulder there, in all his long and leanness
And cuts my hard earned knowledge clean away
I try to keep a focused mind and steady hand
Ooh, keep focused, ooh, keep steady
But the rhythm of my heart is like a country western band
Oh, oh, oh, oh

Oh, biology!
What have you done to me?
Why can't my grown-up brain control my teenage parts?
Oh, biology!
Why won't you let me be?
Why can't you be humane and still our beating hearts?
Before the cutting starts

Huh, shyeah. Ellie, check it. Hahaha, man!

He's inert and inarticulate (Ooh)
A specimen of truant (Ooh)
And though we're both fifteen, he's much too young (Ooh)
Much too young
My amygdala is fully formed, my frontal lobe is fluent (Ooh, ooh)
And pheromones go futzing with my tongue

That's totes amaze, I'm way impressed, like, sweet technique
Holy cow!
Um, like totally, um, thanks
Good lord, now can't I even speak?
You might also likeOh, biology! (Oh, biology!)
What have you done to me? (Done to me!)
My over-forty soul is in a teen cliche (Teen cliche!)
Oh, biology! (Biology!)
Why won't you set me free? (Set me free!)
'Cause I'm not in control and hunger has its say (Hunger has its say)
And hormones have their way

(Spoken)
Focus Blake, focus
Hey, take a look at Ellie Blake
She does this lab work great
For Kermit there, he had no chance
That girl is on my nerves today, I better set her straight
It's fun to make a dead frog dance!
I never knew that Ellie Blake was such a science wiz
She's smart, of course, so it makes sense
But something's up with her today, I don't know what it is
She's like on fire, she's so intense
He's so intense!
It's so intense!
And I'm so dense!
Oh, biology!
Look what you've done to me!
My heart is in a pan, my brain is out to sea
Oh, biology!
Why won't you let me be?
Please help me if you can, please hear my painful plea
Biology
Biology
Biology
Please set me free
Set me free
Set me free
Set her freeEmbed