Game over lyrics [words of "game over"]

[Intro: Maître Gims]
You know guys like me, very often it disappoints
Very often it disappears, it makes dirty stories
I will lie about times, to come back late at night
You have to know, my big one, I am not a guy for you

[Refrain 1: Maître Gims & Vitaa]
I'm going to end up, save, save (Uh-uh, no, no)
I'm not a lover, lover, lover
I, I have like a loser, loser, loser
So, D-D-Donc I’m going to end up, save, save (hey)
Yeah
[Verse 1: vitaa]
You know, girls like me make guys cry like you
At first, you think you keep me, it's perfect
I suggest that I’m naive, you hope that I’m obeying
You will eventually wait for my calls
Do you think a girl like me is her try?
Me, I infiltrated your phone-tel 'four years back
There is still time for you to issue regrets
We will not do your cashier if you give me my things (no, no, no)

[Refrain 2: Vitaa]
You will eventually fall, fall, fall (oh, no, no)
Do you do you like me to listen to you, drunk, drunk
You are going to end up sinking, sinking, sinking
It is you that you wanted to play, play, play (you will end up falling, oh no, no)

[Verse 2: Maître Gims]
I am the claws of the night, I go when you rush
I put on my best clothes, I have a problem like Nicky
I changed you, it's much more than a little boost
Cinderella? Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo!
You're fucked up if I leave it in this situation
Ah! UH-HUH, no more gifts
You are the shadow of my shadow, EWER PUSSYCAT Dolls (Han!)
Cindy, be not angry, to forget you, I had to imagine you stirring (Erk!)
Look at yourself in the ice, I was the only type that had never seen the Pink Paradise
Ohw shit, bye you're more of the MIF ', we're going to get you out like a friend's friend
I had you to get you to Karl Lagerfeld, but you got shit, go ahead!
You might also like [verse 3: vitaa]
Who do you think when I go on the beat?
You who said "Vitaa-Gims on a feat: but what title?"
Ma-mastanant, tell me, who puts you pressure on the beat?
And if you dance, it is because Vitaa-Gims, in Scrèd 'made a hit

[Verse 4: Maître Gims & Vitaa]
You will regret all these moments to hang on like that (Uh-Huh)
How to regret when it is I who decides that everything stops there? (UH)
You will not see any more guy like me, you, you took me for a groupie du wa '
I had warned it, I do not meet, please, I don't remember

[Refrain 1: Maître Gims & Vitaa]
I am going to end up, save, save (save, yeah)
(Guys like you don't know)
I'm not a lover, lover, lover
(That they will come at the bottom of my house, no, no)
I, I have like a loser, loser, loser
(So ​​baby, call me)
So, D-D-Donc I’m going to end up, save, save
Yeah

[Refrain 2: Vitaa & Maître Gims]
You will eventually fall, fall, fall (fall, t-tombe)
(Girls like you don't know)
Do you do you like me to listen to you, drunk, drunk
(That a guy like me does not stay)
You are going to end up sinking, sinking, sinking
(One evening I go and the other not)
It is you that you wanted to play, play, play (play, eh, yeah)
Yeah
[Outro: Vitaa & Maître Gims]
You will say to me "vi ', sit down, I have to speak, I spent my day in the dark"
You will like me to listen, disgusted, you, you will not forget me
"Vi ', sit down, I have to speak, I start to be fed up"
You will like me to stop, it's burnt, it's, you wanted to play
Uh-huh! 5embed