Mr. Jones Lyrics[Intro]
Shalalala la la la
Uh huh

[Verse 1]
I was down at the New Amsterdam
Staring at this yellow-haired girl
Mr. Jones strikes up a conversation
With a black-haired flamenco dancer
You know she dances while his father plays guitar
She's suddenly beautiful
And we all want something beautiful
Man, I wish I was beautiful
So come dance this silence down through the morning
Shalalala la la la la, yeah, uh huh, yeah
Cut up, Maria
Show me some of them Spanish dances
And pass me a bottle, Mr. Jones
Believe in me, help me believe in anything
'Cause I wanna be someone who believes, yeah

[Chorus for Verse 1]
Mr. Jones and me tell each other fairy tales
And we stare at the beautiful women
"She's looking at you. Ah, no, no, she's looking at me."
Smiling in the bright lights, coming through in stereo
When everybody loves you, you can never be lonely

[Verse 2]
Well, I'm gonna paint my picture
Paint myself in blue, red, black and gray
All of the beautiful colors are very, very meaningful
Yeah, well, you know gray is my favorite color
I felt so symbolic yesterday
If I knew Picasso, I would buy myself a gray guitar and play

[Chorus for Verse 2]
Mr. Jones and me look into the future
Yeah, we stare at the beautiful women
"She's looking at you. I don't think so. She's looking at me."
Standing in the spotlight, I bought myself a gray guitar
When everybody loves me, I will never be lonely
You might also likeI will never be lonely
Said I'm never gonna be lonely

[Verse 3]
I want to be a lion
Yeah, everybody wants to pass as cats
We all want to be big, big stars, yeah
But we got different reasons for that
Believe in me, 'cause I don't believe in anything
And I, I want to be someone to believe
To believe, to believe, yeah

[Chorus for Verse 3]
Mr. Jones and me, stumbling through the barrio
Yeah, we stare at the beautiful women
"She's perfect for you, man, there's got to be somebody for me."
I wanna be Bob Dylan
Mr. Jones wishes he was someone just a little more funky
When everybody loves you, ah son
That's just about as funky as you can be

[Chorus]
Mr. Jones and me, staring at the video
When I look at the television, I want to see me
Staring right back at me
We all wanna be big stars
But we don't know why and we don't know how
But when everybody loves me
I wanna be just about as happy as I can be
[Outro]
Mr. Jones and me, we're gonna be big stars20Embed