Faded With A Stranger Lyrics[Verse 1]
Yeah
I was at a rooftop bar down in Austin, Texas
My date stood me up
I was lost and restless (Fuck)
'Bout to call it a night and not get reckless
Prolly just smoke a joint and watch Netflix (Yeah)
But this old man at the side of the bar
Was gettin' pissed 'cause the reader kept declining his card
I said screw it, put it on mine and grab another
Round and sat down with this old mother fucker (Sup)
I said, "My name's Chris" and he said "Doug"
I asked what he did and he said "Drugs" (Haha)
I was like, "Damn Doug, are we now best friends?"
He just nodded his head
Downed his shot and then
He pulled the bag of Cocaine from his blazer pocket
We went to the bathroom stall and locked it
And we gave key bumps 'til my face was numb
The craziest night of my life had begun
Yeah
[Hook]
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, yeah
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, oo-woah
Faded with a stranger, yeah
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, oo-woah-o

[Verse 2]
Next thing I knew I was drivin' south
With this old guy Doug with a blunt in his mouth (Where we going?)
I went to open the glove and the gun fell out (Oh shit!)
Doug yelled, "Don't touch that!"
I said, "No doubt" (Jesus)
He said we had to make a pit stop in San Antonio
For more blow, and Molly and Xans (Holy shit)
I was like God damn, Doug you the man (The man)
Got that then you scooped a couple hookers in the van (Yeah)
Next was the raido
To get more Yayo
I'm like damn Doug, shit, don't we got enough?
Yeah we stopping anyway tho
To see my guy Diego (Wait, what?)
He's in the cartel
Wait Doug, what the fuck?
He said he's gonna smuggle us to Mexico City
And then he admitted that he's on the run and it hit me
I'm in way over my head with this crazy old dude
But fuck it we got some drugs to do
Yeah
You might also like[Hook]
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, yeah
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, oo-woah
Faded with a stranger, yeah
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, oo-woah-o

[Verse 3]
At this point we were on PCP (Woah)
Mescaline, Coke and a little LSD
Somewhere down in Mexico with Diego and Doug (Uhh)
Up front while I'm in the back, with hookers and drugs
They pulled into a dirty motel with no lights
And they said that we were gonna stop here for the night (Kay)
Doug took me inside and said we needed to talk
He pulled out a glass pipe and we went on a walk
He said, "Chris, I wanna let you know I love you dude"
I said, "You kinda crazy Doug, but shit you're cool too" (Really?)
"Nah for real, I like you even more than my kids (Um)
They're pieces of shit, so that's why I wanted to give (Really?)
To you the secret coordinates of my whole life savings
Its deep in the desert, only I know the location"
I'm like, "Damn Doug, you would really do that?" (Really?)
He said, "Hell yeah!" Then he pulled out some Crack (Woah!)
Took a quick hit
Spazzed out and fell flat
I was like, "Shit Doug! You're havin' a heart attack!"
And just like that, Doug was dead (Nooooo!)
Tried CPR twice, still fuckin' dead (Doug!)
Felt the drugs wearin' off and reality got me (Oh my God)
I'm with a cartel member and a dead body (What!?)
Plus two hookers and a very dead phone
Hope Diego can give me a ride home
Shit
[Hook]
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, yeah
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, oo-woah
Faded with a stranger, yeah
I'm gettin' faded with a stranger, oo-woah-oEmbed