#itsEazy Lyrics[Verse: Eazy Mac]
Tryna' titty fuck Ricki Lake
Wanna take Rihanna on a Disney date (Yeah)
People looking at me stupid, "Is he baked?"
When I ate 68 tabs with a whiskey chase (Yeah)
Eazy, walk into a busy bank
(Hi!) Tell a teller "Gimme safe!"
(Bye!) Then I blow her kissy-face
If she waves back at me, love her like I'm Drizzy-Drake
Wait, pills from Kevin made me Spacey (Yeah)
Doctors say I'm crazy, it's a brain thing (Yeah yeah)
Chemical imbalance is my talents (You know what I mean? You know what I mean?)
As a kid I spent my whole allowance
On anything if it was mainstream
Arizona ice tea for my pasties
Noodles from Edo since grade three
Mucho Burrito with baked beans and a steak cheese
My mind is off its rocker
In a quantum starship locking jaws with fucking Nostradamus
Droppin' bombs like rocket launchin' off the top floor of apartments
But my prophet's not Muhammad, nah I'm only talking dollars
I'm a hyper-active rappin' psychopathic Michael Jackson
That hasn't went to the bathroom since last time I saw my dad and
My daddy he drive a Mazda, he wipe my ass on a napkin
He drive me to mid-Nevada and drop me off at a mansion
Pardon me, Charlie Sheen
Pass the Bacardi, please I can hardly sleep
I love the party scene
I got a lot of problems and you know it probably be
'Cause the time an aborted fetus fell onto the floor in Eaton's
Right out of my Mamma's (Hey!) so therapy, I sorta need it
There I'll feed a quarter piece of chicken to the whor'est divas
Tryna' snort the co-co up they no-nose off a horse's penis (Ya!)
I just stole the flo-flow off of Tortured Genius (No, no, no)
I'm trying to book meetings with a corporate Jesus (Ya!)
People think that Eazy Mac's sorta a Re-
-Informative speech, Stanton recording his beats
Presidential, eating lunch like I'm Donald Trump (Woo!)
Everything my pen writes down now, Robert Munsch (Woo! Woo!)
Blowing up so much, I got an Islamic buzz
I got a new friend request, from ISIS anonymous (Woo!)
They wanted to sponsor us, they told me they bought a bus
They wanted to go on tour, they told me they brought a gun and
Ba-Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom
Ba-Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom
If they don't like my mood, it's
Ba-Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom (Yeah)
Merkules, lift the curtains, please (Yea-yeah)
Let me on stage with the circus freaks
I need percs and weed and a verse for free
And some purple lean, It's our anniversary
Remember? We were Chasing Rabbits, September
Went on a bender to Denver from October, November
December got way better, but only 'cause of Christmas Eve (Rabbits)
Dimethyltryptamine (DMT)
Dimension shifting dreams
Mind bending mysteries, I'm venting misery
He got mad 'cause then when I mentioned Krispy Kreme
We couldn't find a location open, so now he's pissed at me
Stanton go and hit the beatYou might also like11Embed