As We Are Lyrics[Intro]
Nonny!
(Merkules!) Merkules!
- care about money
I don't need no friends
I don't need nobody
Get up out my ass
Come as we are

[Verse 1: Merkules]
Got a lotta blue checks in my DM's (Aha)
They tryna figure out the next shit I be on (Hahaha)
It's me and this music and this industry havin' threesomes
Turn that shit under my job and turn this crap into a kiosk
We just Merk & John Nonny every verse is hard body
And I'm certain y'all want it, like a virgin on molly
This is certified hom-ie doggy, what they expect?
A butter-face but with a body you could cut at the neck (Get it)
They want beef, I'm all arms like I'm jumpin' a fence
Like a Nike-Hype beast, I get nothin' but checks
And I'm finessin' these bars, like I left without payin'
Y'all are doctors in the clinic, the way you testin' my patience
You top ten in your city, I'm top ten in the nation (Facts)
I'm the shit, defecation is the best way they say it
How perfect! Keep it foul as bowel-searchin'
Got the crowd nervous with the kings [?]
[Chorus: John Nonny]
I don't care about money (No no no)
I don't need no friends
I don't need nobody (I don't need nobody)
Get up out my ass (Get up out my ass)
We don't run from our problems (No no no)
We don't hide our scars (No no no)
So you can take me or leave me (No no no)
We come as we are!
We come as we are!

[Verse 2: John Nonny, Merkules]
I grew up on Slim Shady, so I been crazy (A soldier)
I'm in a trench like I'm Dick Tracy (I told ya)
What's with these kids lately?
I played the newest shit, that's a lot of ass like a thick lady
Can't relax, feelin' paranoid as shit lately
Like I'm blind, I walk the street with a stick lately
Agent 47, all I make is hits lately
So I quit my office job like I'm Dick Cheney
Merk and I don't play now
We spazzin' in the studio and I told him I'm on my way down (On my way down)
More bars than a playground
More bags than a grey hound, gettin' paid now (Paid now)
STK and DNA
Just a matter of time before the VMA's
Kick 'em down if they closin' up the doors
Frozen like the poles, we the coldest in the north
You might also like[Chorus: John Nonny]
I don't care about money (No no no)
I don't need no friends
I don't need nobody (I don't need nobody)
Get up out my ass (Get up out my ass)
We don't run from our problems (No no no)
We don't hide our scars (No no no)
So you can take me or leave me (No no no)
We come as we are!
We come as we are!

[Outro: John Nonny]
Need no friends
I don't need nobody
Get up out my ass
We don't run from our problems
We don't hide our scars
So you can take me or leave me
We come as we are!
We come as we are!Embed