World Wide Web Lyrics [Intro]
(...) Nobody Really Exactly Understands All the Things It is being used for (...)
(...) IT’s Changing So Quickly, That Even The Experts Don’t Know Exactly What’s Going on
(...) it’s diffferent than it was an hour ago. IT’s Constantly Changing, It’s Constantly Reconfiguring
(...) It’s very hard to get people focused on plan b when plan a sems to be working so well
(...) We Take a That’s Basically Built on Trust system, (...) We've Kind of Expanded It Way Beyond the Limits of How It was meant to operate. And So Right Now, I think it's literally True that we don't know the contequences of an effective Denial-of-of-Service Attack on the Internet WOUR WOUR WOUR WOUR Year, and So on

[Verse 1]
The world that I knew yesterday suddenly disappeared somewhere today
I sat on the net and I had to accidentally click somewhere
As it flashed suddenly, when it fucked up, as if a tornado or cyclone passed and then there was no connection, it ended just as it started - that is, quickly
I went out into the street, where a small chaos was already taking place
I thought "Only that the fuck somehow did not last for a long time"
I wanted to call, notify someone that just happened to me at home
But TV, radio, telephones fucked up, so dialogue was impossible
People stood in the yards, spinning like yorkies, signaling stopped working on the streets, and there were traffic jams
Everyone asked "what's going on?", And all nervous
So I didn't tell them that I did it, because someone would have some else
I entered one store where it was empty
I tried to pay by card, but the seller says "only cash"
Sirens, I influenced this store, people suddenly gathered a lot
And then I was passed by a military unit and a government escort A6
Someone accosted me and says that the stock exchange was crazy
It doesn't hurt me because I don't know the stock exchange or its trends
Water was slowly missing, and someone had reason so he fainted
From the burning building next to it, there was smoke thick as Nutella
I came to Śródmieście, and there is a demonstration
Someone shouted "Well, what is to the whore!" And others began to clap
Apparently, planes cannot start and trains stand at the stations
At this point, someone threw the stone and the pacification began
[Chorus]
Oh, without pickup
On the wall "to battle" painted by the resistance movement
What to do? You won't ask on the forum
Guilty? They didn't even get up from the table
Oh, without pickup
On the wall "to battle" painted by the resistance movement
What to do? You won't ask on the forum
Guilty? They didn't even get up from the table

[Verse 2]
On the second day I left the house, although they ordered not to leave
On the streets "very dangerous" - he trumpeted analog instruction
A neighbor told me that a furiat was blown up in the Old Town
Without Facebook, and without Google, I also started to piss off slowly
I walked my street, tense as if I ate a steroid
It is by military planes over his head and a policeman with a face like Sean Connery
There were fights, arrows were heard, and scandals were heard
Some shouted "We're ready!" And others shouted "Get Ready!"
When I passed the post office, they closed the third trigger
The fat man glued the card, "until further notice," preached the inscription with a greasy font
They closed the factories, closed offices, so I was a bit sad
Because I just took 650 gross from the intermediary
At some point I felt like in a movie
I stood all in gray smoke, and next to me a fool recited the Bible
Firefighters pulled out people from the rubble of the building, someone failed tearfully
They had three fire trucks, two ambulances, and the police had amphibians
The hospitals lacked beds, which has not happened for decades
There was no longer electricity at home, and from yesterday food in stores
Gasoline started quickly, and apparently much faster medicine
But I had a farmer's homie, and his colleague from the dormitory is a pharmacist
Someone told me that only CB radio works
A hundred -person crowd passed me then cultivating *high intensity cardio *
They carried wrestling just in case, I don't know if paying or raking
But the armored car surrounded by the national guard followed them
You might also like [chorus]
Oh, without pickup
On the wall "to battle" painted by the resistance movement
What to do? You won't ask on the forum
Guilty? They didn't even get up from the table
Oh, without pickup
On the wall "to battle" painted by the resistance movement
What to do? You won't ask on the forum
Guilty? They didn't even get up from the table
[Text and annotations on rap Genius Polska] 7embed