1-800-Swallow Me Lyrics[Intro: Shakewell]
MTM, hit 'em with the heat!

[Chorus: Fat Nick]
Murder rates sky-rockin' (Huh?), bank notes poppin' (Haha)
Bitch, you out of line, is you sucking dick or walkin'? (What?)
Mr. Gorgeous Glizzy Gordo, damn, I look like the lotto (Trap, trap, trap)
Do I wanna fuck a model, or a hoodrat who swallow?
Murder rates sky-rockin' (Huh?), bank notes poppin' (What?)
Bitch, you out of line, is you sucking dick or walking? (Trap)
Mr. Gorgeous Glizzy Gordo, damn, I look like the lotto (Skrrt)
Do I wanna fuck a model, or a hoodrat who swallow?
[Verse 1: Fat Nick]
I'm ridin' 'round, spin around and 'round (Spin 'em), pushin' all these pounds
Paranoia all up in my head, I'm better left for dead (What?)
Push a 'Vette, don't forget your vest, Sprite be filled with Tech (Skrrt)
Roundabout, go and hit the left, we gon' leave him dead
Doc', he love me, I been sippin' lean, I been 'sleep for weeks
Grab a key, lets go pump these streets, man, I love my fiends
Biker boy, let that choppa rip (Skrrt), [?][0:50] love to dip
Many Men, feel like 50 Cent, how they want me dead
This a hundred-round drum, how I fuck up the city
Flat-chested bitch hatin', tell your mans, "Buy some titties"
Hundred band club and up, if you broke, you ain't with me (Nah)
How this bih gon' say she fuck me, she a two and she dusty? (Trap, trap, trap)

[Chorus: Fat Nick]
Murder rates sky-rockin' (Huh?), bank notes poppin' (Haha)
Bitch, you out of line, is you sucking dick or walkin'? (What?)
Mr. Gorgeous Glizzy Gordo, damn, I look like the lotto (Trap, trap, trap)
Do I wanna fuck a model, or a hoodrat who swallow?
Murder rates sky-rockin' (Huh?), bank notes poppin' (What?)
Bitch, you out of line, is you sucking dick or walking? (Trap)
Mr. Gorgeous Glizzy Gordo, damn, I look like the lotto (Skrrt)
Do I wanna fuck a model, or a hoodrat who swallow?

[Verse 2: Jasiah]
My opps dead, my opps dead, my opps dead (My opps dead)
He said he wanna kill me, but I know he on some soft shit (Bitch)
I don't give a fuck, I got this Glock, I'm on the offense (Okay)
This little bitch gon' suck this dick or she gon' get to walking (Shawty, what's up?)
I'ma fuck this bitch 'cause she know how to swallow (Okay)
I'ma count this cash to show you it ain't borrowed (No way)
I know these niggas look at me like I'm the lotto (What's up?)
I'm in the coupe, skrrt, swervin' all the potholes (Skrrt)
Fuck with my money, then you losin' all your oxygen (Bitch)
Get hit with the semi then I need me like fifty bands
Bad bitch, she look like Mulatto, but she's sensitive (Yeah, yeah)
Shawty, I'm too militant, hit his head and leave him dead (What? What? What?)
You might also like[Chorus: Fat Nick & Jasiah]
Murder rates sky-rockin' (Bah), bank notes poppin' (Haha, yeah)
Bitch, you out of line, is you sucking dick or walking? (What?)
Mr. Gorgeous Glizzy Gordo, damn, I look like the latto (Trap, trap, trap, yuh, yuh)
Do I wanna fuck a model, or a hoodrat who swallow? (Yuh, yuh)
Murder rates sky-rockin' (What?), bank notes poppin' (What? Yuh)
Bitch, you out of line, is you sucking dick or walking? (Yuh, trap, trap)
Mr. Gorgeous Glizzy Gordo, damn, I look like the lotto (Skrrt)
Do I wanna fuck a model, or a hoodrat who swallow? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Outro: Jasiah]
Huh, bitchEmbed