What Can I Say Lyrics[Verse 1]
Yo, I wrote this for Billy and it's a letter to Musc'
How did this life get better, then get the better of us? (How?)
What can I say, darg? My life ain't a game, darg
These ain't some friends from the ends, these are my main dargs
Look up to the sky, my guy was the one
It's so mad, I ain't surprised that you died with your gun
Over there shootin' guys, you love riding for fun
So why do them guys act like they've been riding on us? (Riding on us)
But really, rest in peace, yeah, you just left the streets
But I can promise, you won't be the only one that's gettin' sleep (Shh)
'Cause they know I got them real G's next to me
And they can't even sit still, they move like they're on ecstasy
All them years you been in jail, you never even seen the world
Your daughter's 'bout to be born and you'll never get to see your girl
I just turned a father, so it hit me a lil' harder
We done Feltham and Parva, you was my nigga and my barber, yo
And I sold my first stone with you (Remember?)
I even stole my first phone with you (Remember?)
You know you brought me 'round them older youts
So when you got locked, I felt like I owed to you
What can I say, darg? (Huh?)
All them visits, all them jails, you know I came, darg
Now the next visit for you is in the graveyard
You really spent your life in and out of prison
Finally done a year free and now I kinda wish you didn't
[Chorus]
I think I'll buy this ice to cover the pain
You know anything nice gotta come with the rain
What can I say? Fuck money and fame
Lost two of my members, now nothing's the same
I think I'll buy this ice to cover the pain
You know anything nice gotta come with the rain
What can I say? Fuck money and fame
Lost two of my members, now nothing's the same

[Verse 2]
Yo, R.I.P. Muscle, really touched my chest
You died just like GDotz, this shit got us fucking stressed (R.I.P.)
High speed car crashes, tryna duck the feds
I know you had your shank and GDotz really had a couple pebs
My niggas dying in cars, these feds keep chasin' us
But if we lose this race, it's not a place, it's a cage for us (It's a cage)
Remember when we started ordering weed?
My nigga take two, then he's fallin' asleep (Haha)
You're a trap boy, you died, but your phone's alive
So we sent little bro to hold it down, you know the vibe
Every thousand he makes, he's only holdin' five
We'll send the rest to your girl and kids, it's only right
And right now, it's so hard just to look at your youts
'Cause lookin' at them's like lookin' at you, I can't do it
Free Mello, Stro, Sav, all them niggas in jail (Free 'em)
Yo, it must've been mad to hear that shit in your cell
And bro just got nicked with a stick and a girl
We thought that it was real luck when they was givin' you bail
But they couldn't prove if the stick was his or the girl's
But Muscle knew that in due time, he's hittin' them cells
Well, I guess not, I'm bittersweet
Lost my nigga, had my daughter in a flippin' week
How you go from being here and now you're history? (How?)
Yo, this thing we call life is a mystery (It's a mystery)
What can I say, darg?
All them bandos, them cunch spots, I came, darg
Now the next time we chop it up is in the graveyard (Graveyard)
Just like me, you loved the hustle
R.I.P. my brother Muscle
You might also like[Outro]
Real shit, R.I.P. my brother Muscle every time
You dun' know the ting
Rest up Billy da Kid, my brother
GDotz, Amro, my day ones
All the fallen soldiers
Free up all the jail niggas, you feel me?
Free Big Ark, yeah, free my darg Sav, MG, rassclart
Free my uncle Kelly
Free, free Pipe, free Chip the Flippa, free BarakiEmbed