Crazy Love Lyrics [Text of "Crazy Love"]

[Verse 1: marracash]
The gray of the roads and the buildings (ah)
You stay on you like tanning (Seh)
I won and often with many enemies (ah-ah)
I have always lost with my nature (oh)
But then you insinuated yourself, sinuous
With green eyes, ocher skin and your pink hair (oh god)
Those large eyes, there is room for both
For fragility and ferocity
My nefertiti, take off my clothes, mama
As long as I scream I know your favorite games, mama
You love risks because they can hurt you, mama
I have pointed sides, mama, like stalactitis, mama
[Pre-Crs: Marracash & Mahmood]
Uh (uh)
And the people I have around said (uh)
Who immerses themselves in a dream drowns us (uh)
What Cromi will find you (Ah)
PA-PA-RA, PA-PA-RA, PA

[Refrain: Marracash & Elodie]
(Crazy Love) She Pomi me, I for her
(Crazy Love) I would tell you, I would give you, hey
(Crazy Love) Where are you? Where are you?
Like a distant vertigo calls me
(Crazy Love) You know I need it tonight
(Crazy Love) smoke while you stand the wait
(Crazy Love) Where are you? Where are you?
Calamity and a little defrauding (Crazy Love)

[Schofing 2: Marracash, Marracash & Mahmood, Mahmood]
We are two gazelles, we are two greyhounds (uh)
You know all my tricks, I know your spells
I know you would also love me with zero money (zero)
Kiss me, I already breathe your pheromons
You move felina, Selina, Nikita
You know how to keep the challenge high (hey)
Love for us is to make a robbery
And then divide the stolen goods, Nina
We are too explicit, we wake up the neighbors, mama
With those heels and outfits you kill me, mama
I love risks because they can hurt me, mama (ah-ah)
You have pointed sides, Mama, like Stalactitis, Mama
You Might Also Like [Pre-Rornello: Marracash & Mahmood]
Uh (uh)
And the people I have around said (he said)
Who immerses themselves in a dream, drowns us (uh)
What you are looking for you will find you
PA-PA-RA, PA-PA-RA, PA

[Refrain: Marracash, Elodie & Mahmood]
(Crazy Love) She for me, I for her (ah-ah)
(Crazy Love) I would tell you, I would give you, hey (ah-ah)
(Crazy Love) Where are you? Where are you? (Ah-ah-ah)
Like a distant vertigo calls me
(Crazy Love) You know I need it tonight
(Crazy Love) Burcio while you stand the wait (ah-ah)
(Crazy Love) Where are you? Where are you? (Where are you?)
Calamity and a little defrauding (Crazy Love)

[Outro: Mahmood]
Where are you?
Crazy Love
Where are you? 5Embed