Until the last hippie dead is lyrics [intro: sample]
And again not a word from us
I bet they have lubricated
Of course it is lubricated
The corrupt pig, the corrupt
Smirer too!
Anyone who smears well who drives well!
Yes, yes, but lubricating, this lubricator
You should smear a lubrication!
Yes, then do it
Yes that's what I do
[Part 1: Prezident]
Ah, ok, ok, ok, ok, ok
That your rap ultraomommer is because of my sake
It's not as if nobody would talk free of charge, ne
So whatever the shit issues are ok, ok
It is Bumm-Bumm-Chuck-Norris (Ah!)
If you do your thing right, you stay in your mind for a summer with a chorus, it's ok, it's cool
But I stay in mind with my 'stories for a lifetime, is also ok, right?
Goosebumps all over the body (Ah!)
You are audible with a lot of good will
Prezi, never smiled into a camera in life
The gatekeepers from the puff here not the man on the note, is ok, ok
Snake lines to the singing cabin, piss rays between fir green and Fanta Mandarine (uhh)
My miasma TheWeische body armor appointments, against without any radio operating combat machines, ok
With my rope dance over mudslings, I am always more punk than this
2-0-19 Young Mcs use more imagination on stage rider than on the performance they deliver is ok, smaller
Who likes it, age! (Age!)
Without a comment, OK means ok, smaller
Ok, ok, ok, is ok, smaller
In places, ok flowed (Ah!)
Is ok, smaller (Ah!)

[Sample]
You have to say that very clearly!

[Part 2: Prezident]
Ok, ok, ok, ok
There is a lot of talk
But what is it all about, who understands et?
What shouldn't be ok?
Who exactly has a problem with
What exactly with me, with content, shape or aesthetics?
Ok, ok, dirty on you Hannes-Loh-Sohn
If interview with me, then please sound (ye)
And no approximate paraphrases, without context or frame
If the snot is not even a print you don't need to save space, I would say (right?)
And should your semi -analephabet readership give itself more than 1000 characters, yes, why not? (Hm?)
They call it shameful rhetoric
But my 'at the end coherence and logic
So, that would have been clarified and where you are already in the flow
Here is a ranking of all albums from too short, sorted by their woken (aha!)
Prezi raps on the preamplifier electricity as long as
And if it has to be further
Until the last hippie is dead
You Might So Like [Bridge: Prezident]
Is ok, is ok, isn't it?
I don't see myself so much as a battler apper, more than AIDS researchers
Is ok, it's ok, is ok, isn't it? (Yeah!)
Is ok, is ok, isn't it? (Yeah!)
Is ok, isn't it?
Is ok, is ok, isn't it?

[Outro: samples]
So I'll tell you that this hypocritical guy with the glasses
It is undiscutable!

You Say I'm Wack? Okay, dokey!
[?] Forget the lying and frontin 'Just for your audience
[?] Forget the lying and frontin 'Just for your audience
Forget the Lying and Frontin 'Just for your audience

That told you that, I will tell you that
They are all sucking out of something together
Infant!
Dear, greet you, Bussi
Kiss!
What shine in my hut!
Baby is here!
You, baby, I just read your article about Villa Medici
Paula, off to the kitchen!
So: superb!
How so?
Yes, you, I don't want to talk about content
But stylistically, that's so to the point
Something ground
Find?
Yeah, I just said to Paula, the baby writes a style, something like that no longer finds it today
So Truman Capote wrote for the New Yorker
Yes, now it's going again
No, you, honest, you
So for me this is literature
Yes, of course