Translationsdeutschqué more then? Lyrics [letter of "what else then?"]

[Intro: María Becerra & J Balvin]
What else then?
How did it go?
J Balvin, Man

[Pre-car: J Balvin]
What else then? How did it go? (Hey)
Is it still 'single or does it have' husband? (Wuh)
I know it's personal, forgive the daring (no)
I asked you at Christmas and Santa has not brought you (ey)
But what else then? There has been? (There has been?)
I lost the trail for distracted (wuh)
Fame this has screwed me
But I don't forget what happened (hey, ey)
[Chorus: J Balvin & María Becerra]
Give me another night, I want to see you
That you have to clarify torque of things pendientе '(oh)
Ma ', what what? (What what?) Where do еstás? Tell me, let's see (tell me, let's see)
That I go (wuh), I'm going (Lady, Lady)

[Verse 1: María Becerra]
You lost sight of me
Now e 'with another with whom he hesitates on the track, he
Oh, José, don't insist '
You turn back ', it looks' motorcyclist, ey
None with this bearing
I have this booty without doing sports (no, no, no)
Nothing will make me care '
Because my compass already changed his north (Wuh!)
Changed since you left
Daddy and that knows' very well
Don't come to me 'with that attitude
That I know it too

[Bridge: María Becerra]
And now I don't have a single for you, no, hey
I single for you no
What's that night I tell us', hey
What I DAY NIGHT '(OH)
Pa ', what what? I know what you want to know
Where am I (-o-o-o-or-and)
You Might Also Like [verse 2: J Balvin]
Tell me, mai, what is there? (There, there are)
That 'nike you have nice (ah)
Woh, your class and there are (ah, ah, ah)
None fit in your size
Take out for a while
That you are alone, they already gave me the data (data)
Give me the pin, I fall immediately (immediate)
They try and I don't deal
Baby, this is already another league, but you are above, he
Vamo 'To do it, take advantage of the weather (J Balvin)
You are well diva and that body that motivates, baby
Let's do it, that the weather is rich

[Pre-Caro: María Becerra]
What else then? How did it go?
You are still the same conceited
It is not personal, for the boyfriend you have not been born
You had a long time, you were distracted
And now, what else then? I've gone
It is enough what you have 'eaten (ah)
Even if it seems, this has hurt me
And from the past I do not forget

[Chorus: J Balvin & María Becerra, both]
Give me another night, I want to see you (see you, see you)
That you have to clarify torque of things pending '(huh, h)
Ma ', what what? (What what?) Where are you? Tell me, let's see (tell me see)
That I go, I'm going
Give me another night, I want to see you
That you have to clarify torque of things pending '
Ma ', what what? Where are you? Tell me, let's see (feel, kiss me)
That I go (where am I), oh-oh-oh-oh (I'm)
[Outro: María Becerra]
I called you in August, you appeared in January
You from vaccion 'in Boston and another appeared first
And he is 'empalating me and that not e' candy
You are looking for me a lot and that I'm not showcase13embed