TranslationEnglishdeutschrelation (Remix) Lyrics [Lyrics for "Relationship (Remix)" FT. Rosalía & Farruko]

[Enter: SECH, J Balvin & Daddy Yankee]
Now everything changed, it touches her
Latino Gang
Yesterday I saw her perreando alone (Welcome to the remix!)
It looks more 'beautiful
Now that is not with that man
That happiness as clothes is removed

[Pre-Caro: Rosalia, Sech & Daddy Yankee]
That I was always when you weren't '
It was so much pain that I no longer kill me
Little by little I didn't need you
And I smiled at me 'enrolled
And you (UH-UH-UH)
Saying that it was lack of attitude
But in this relationship I made more than you, Yeh (Yeh-eh)
And in a state I sent you to say that (Da-Ddy Yan-Kee!)
[Chorus: Sech, Rosalía & Daddy Yankee]
Now everything changed, it touches her (prr)
Mari and a bottle (what, what?)
Gracia 'to abuse became beautiful (What?)
Now you want it 'and she doesn't love you
Now everything changed, it touches her
Party and a bottle
Gracia 'to abuse became beautiful (d-d-d-d.y)
Now you want it 'and she doesn't love you (One; Yeah; Huh)

[Verse 1: Daddy Yankee]
Now he wants him to record it (PRR)
Hesitating and teaching it (tell him)
He no longer likes to continue patrone ', she and' the patron saint (ey)
You were the little princess, look for Fiona, because
To 'the fine' are from Party in Party (Wuh)
Keep killing the 'with bottle and mari
They left you a state there, there, there
He says "I keep throwing me and I don't fall there, there" (What, what?)
I failed the contract, I put what was missing
She likes abuse, but not the one you gave her '(ah)
The Apple tells him, his iPhone, his IPA 'perrear (eh, h)
IPA 'Drink, IPA' Smoking, IPA 'Fuck, what? (Ah, ah)
To 'the ends' of Party in Party
Keep killing the 'with bottle and mari (let's go)
They left you a state there, there, there
Dedicated to you, he said: (Welcome to the remix)
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Rosalia]
Has you 'believed that I was going to cry? (UHM)
You take it 'clear that I was waiting for you' (no)
You thought you had me '
But you never had me, I'm the Rosalia (Mira)
If I have so much 'chain' not e 'pa' that nobody will tie me (nah)
It does not let anyone heart
You 'tá playing with the player
The one that steps strongly, the kill

[Chorus: Sech & J Balvin]
Now everything changed, it touches her
Mari and a bottle
Grace 'to abuse became beautiful
Now you want it 'and she doesn't love you
And now everything changed, it touches her (her)
Mari and a bottle (OH)
Thanks to abuse, Bella became (Yah)
Now you want it 'and she doesn't love you (Nah, Nah; Wuh!)

[Verse 3: J Balvin & Farruko]
It all started with WhatsApp block
No matter how much you call it either will you answer
Now she is just rumba and you collapse
You cry because your tears did not value
Even your mother says you didn't take care of her
His heart hates you for how bad you treated her
And if you see you on the street, you will surely get the de'o
You took her from asshole, now you are her asshole (Wuh)
You fell very low, at the drunk party
It deserves' in your life everything 'the cacho' (Toma)
And I already know 'that you are' bad injured (Larame like gang)
In life to 'it is paid because you were a malparido (fa-rru)
[Verse 4: Farruko]
Everything changed, took a 360 ° turn
He got more 'rich and is put for the return
He doesn't want to know about you, burning pa 'the sale
The fuck, Brother, calm, the account passed you (pum-pum-pum!)
And now Rollin 'breaking the street (Eah)
He got tired, he no longer wants chorus with anyone
He took pleasure and there is no one who stopped her
And now it is difficult again that the jale (Farru)

[Bridge: Farruko]
Now she wants road
And now more than now it is single
I drink and smoke the whole night
And gives it tremendous loquera
When the drunkenness takes
He gives them "Safaera"
And the beautiful
But don't give it to anyone
PRI-YAH-YAH-YAH-YAH, FARRU!

[Chorus: Sech, Farruko & Daddy Yankee]
Now everything changed, it touches her (prr!)
Mari and a bottle (what, what?)
Gracia 'to abuse became beautiful (What?)
Now you want it 'and she doesn't love you (Wuh, Wuh)
Now everything changed, it touches her (what?)
Hookah and a bottle (d-d-d-d.y!)
Grace 'to abuse became beautiful
Now you want it 'and she doesn't love you

[Outro: sech]
Yeah, Huh3embed