Lyrics hobbies ["hobby" letter "]

[Pre-car: Myke Towers & Daddy Yankee]
Let me know if you are unoccupied, because today I am free (Myke)
I want to bring you to feel 'the Caribbean fire (Towers)
Your hobbies can be, my love, if you ask me '(dy)
Body with body crashing, I'm going to make yours vibrate (legendaddy)

[Chorus: Daddy Yankee]
That beast already let her come out (go!)
Pa 'ti I have the time, the night is long (prr)
Tell me if it lends you '(Come on!)
Give me an answer (go up!)
That beast already let her come out (go!)
Pa 'ti I have the time, the night is long (Daddy)
Tell me if it lends you '(tell me!)
Give me an answer (da—)
[Verse 1: Daddy Yankee]
Here's not 'in feeling'
Do not think 'and leave the moment
What with you I will make time (Yeah)
Never stop, keep giving it and don't stop ', stop' (go up!)
No one is needed if you walk with Daddy (BOSS)
You and I only 'Montamo' a party (a party)
That does not stop the party
Until tomorrow that does not stop the party (dy)
This became delicious
Nor is it that I am 'to be a husband'
Baby, no commitment, no-no
Botamo 'The GPS, turns out' the cel, vamo 'to pass it fabulous

[Pre-car: Myke Towers]
Mommy, let me know if you are unoccupied, because today I am free
I want to bring you to feel 'the Caribbean fire (eh, Myke Towers)
Your hobbies can be, my love, if you ask me '
Body with body crashing, I'm going to make yours vibrate (Yeah)

[Choir: Daddy Yankee & Myke Towers]
That beast already let her come out (go!)
Pa 'ti I have the time, the night is long (prr)
Tell me if it lends you '(tell me if it lends you'; eat on!)
Give me an answer (mommy, give me an answer; go up!)
That beast already let her come out (go!)
Pa 'ti I have the time, the night is long (Daddy)
Tell me if it lends you '(tell me if it lends you')
give me an answer
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Myke Towers]
Fiera, I didn't want me to go '
There is no other woman like you in the sphere
I walk with Yankee hunting in the Ferra
The disco always closes it
Chanel La portfolio (-tera)
You have them on the waiting list (-pera)
Nothing happened if you don't remember
He fell asleep in the second three 'and she threw himself from the third rope (JA)
Today is to disregard
Go with the best friend to cover
It is valid to love without loving
Is looking for rich sex, no romance, ey

[Pre-car: Myke Towers]
Mommy, let me know if you are unemployed, because today I am free (ey)
I want to bring you for you to feel 'the Caribbean fire
Your hobby can be, my love, if you ask me '(oh, oh, oh)
Body with body crashing, I'm going to make yours vibrate

[Choir: Daddy Yankee & Myke Towers]
That beast already let her come out (go!)
Pa 'ti I have the time, the night is long (prr)
Tell me if it lends you '(tell me if it lends you'; eat on!)
Give me an answer (mommy, give me an answer; go up!)
That beast already let her come out (go!)
Pa 'ti I have the time, the night is long (Daddy)
Tell me if it lends you '(tell me if it lends you'; fire!)
Give me an answer (mommy, give me an answer, oh)
[Outro: Daddy Yankee & Myke Towers]
Fire!
Myke Towers, Baby
Dy
Eh, Yeah
Dy
Legendaddy
Play-n-Skillz
Boss!
Young Kingz, Baby, -y- -
Myke Towers
We are the 'of control, did you hear?
Poster! 1embed