Translations 日本語 Danskenglishdespacito Lyrics ["Despacito" ft letter. Daddy Yankee]

[Intro: Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee]
Oh, Fonsi! D.Y.!
Ooh, oh, no, oh, no, oh
Hey, Yeah!
Dididiri Daddy, Go!
Yes, you know that I've been looking at you for a while
I have to dance with you today (D.Y.!)
I saw that your gaze was already calling me
Show me the way that I'm going
[Verse 1: Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee]
Oh!
You, you are the magnet and I am the metal
I'm approaching and I'm putting together the plan
Just thinking about the pulse (oh, yeah!)
Already, I am already liking more than normal
All my senses are asking for more
This must be taken without any hurry
[Chorus: Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee]
Slowly
I want to breathe your neck slowly
Let me tell you things in my ear
So you remember if you are not with me
Slowly
I want to undress with kisses slowly
Sign the walls of your labyrinth
And make your body a whole manuscript
(Go up, go up, go up, go up)

[Post-Stribillo: Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee]
I want to see your hair dance, I want to be your rhythm (woh, huh)
That you teach my mouth (woh, h)
Your favorite places (favorite ', favorite', baby)
Let me exceed your danger zones (EH; WOH, EH)
Until you cause your screams (woh, h)
And forgot your last name (RRR; D.Y.)
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Daddy Yankee]
If I ask you a kiss, come, give it to me, I know you are thinking about it (huh)
I've been trying (eh), mommy, this is giving it
You know your heart with me makes you bam-bam
You know that baby is looking for my bam-bam
Come, proof of my mouth to see how you know you (eh-eh; plo!)
I want, I want, I want to see how much love to you can
I'm not in a hurry, I want to take the trip
We start slowly, then wild

[Pre-stribe: Daddy Yankee]
Passy step, soft soft
We watched us' hitting, little to little
When you kiss me with that skill
I see that you are delicate malice
Passy step, soft soft
We saw us' hitting, little to little (oh-oh)
And this beauty is a puzzle (no, no)
But pa 'assemble it here I have the piece
Hears! (I ', Me'; Plo!)

[Chorus: Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee]
Slowly
I want to breathe your Neck Despacito (I ')
Let me say things to your ear (I ')
To remember if you are not with me (plo, plo)
Despacito (Plo!)
I want to undress with kisses Despacito (Yeah-eh)
Sign the walls of your labyrinth
And make your body a whole manuscript
(Go up, go up, go up, go up)
[Post-Stribillo: Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee]
I want to see your hair dance, I want to be your rhythm (eh, woh, h)
That you teach my mouth (woh, h)
Your favorite places (favorite ', favorite', baby)
Let me exceed your danger zones (EH, WOH, EH)
Until you cause your screams (woh, h)
And forgot your last name

[Bridge: Luis Fonsi]
Slowly
Vamo 'to do it on a beach in Puerto Rico
Until the waves shout: "Oh, blessed!"
For my stamp to stay with you
Báila it!

[Outro: Daddy Yankee & Luis Fonsi]
Passy, ​​soft soft (oh, yeah-yeah)
We are sticking, little to little (no, no; oh)
That you teach my mouth
Your favorite places
Favorite ', favorite', baby (ooh)
Passy step, soft soft
We are going to stick a little bit
Until your screams (Fonsi)
And forgot your last name (D.Y.)
Despacito85embed