Lyrics love note ["Love note" ft. Carlos Vives & Daddy Yankee]

[Intro: wisin & daddy yankee]
W
(Oh, oh-oh, uoh-oh, oh)
Carlos Vives
(D.Y.)
Daddy -idad
Siriri Daddy -idad
Siriri Daddy -idad
Precious
[Pre-car: Wisin]
Today I have to tell you
That love in you found
That is you the woman who makes me happy
I heals the pain, my other half
It's an addiction and I want more (release the rhythm!)

[Coro: Carlos Vives, Wisin & Daddy Yankee]
I live on the moon for you
Flight without wings for you (su-sumba!)
No one to take this note
I am feeling for you (Woh-Woh-Woh-Woh-Woh)
I live on the moon for you (hard)
I feel a thousand things for you (hey)
This note does not happen to me (a Latin party, that does not stop the rhythm)
I am feeling for you (Woh-Woh-Woh-Woh-Woh)
I am feeling for you (an unexpected together; ay ombe!)
That I am feeling for you (Sleel it; Double-Double-Doble U!)

[Verse 1: wisin]
Mommy, give me a little (heh)
What you have (heh)
Mommy, Tell me clear (heh)
Tell me what you want (w)
I kiss me, I get the decibels
She is my superheroe, she has powers
My super star
I kiss me and leave the mark
From that day I die for her
Prepare the paella, open the bottle (heh)
Inside the house flashes
The Queen of My Castle
Walking down the hall
With yellow underwear
She deserves it
In my pocket I already have the ring (it's very simple)
If I fail, I apologize and kneel
(Carlos Vives!)
You Might Also Like [Choir: Carlos Vives, Wisin & Daddy Yankee]
I live on the moon for you
Flight without wings for you (eat on!)
No one to take this note
I am feeling for you (woh-woh-woh-woh-woh; go)
I live on the moon for you (hard)
I feel a thousand things for you (hey)
This note does not happen to me
I am feeling for you (woh-woh-woh-woh; it is with you)
I am feeling for you (oh, oh-oh, uoh-oh, oh; you are the boss)
(Gentlemen, Daddy Yankee; hey)

[Verse 2: Daddy Yankee & Wisin]
You make me fall in love
Forget the other Flore '
What am I a thousand color '
None blooms like you, oh, ma '
I go alone, but with everything (go)
Do not escape me even if this world ends (-Cabe)
And every kiss in my memory that is recorded (record)
To know things about you, that nobody knows
We are crazy '(heh)
I don't dare '(what?)
To do with me everything you say you should not (heh)
What I have is a note, which makes me elevate (heh)
OH-OH-OH, which will last me Forever (Daddy Yankee)
I try to close a deal (YEP)
Where do I put the signature to seal the contract? (Yes)
Because not even the diamonds, bracelet ', what my checkbook weighs
It is worth dancing with you a vallenato (Wuh-Uh-Uh)
Your mouth into me '
I didn't have to look for the Proxi '
You knew how to knock me without boxing (aha)
Advanza, give me the cure to fall into your overdesi '
Rapid ma ', that continued yankee' tá pa 'ti, oh yes
[Pre-car: Wisin]
Today I have to tell you
That love in you found
That you are the woman, who makes me happy
I heals the pain, my other half
It's an addiction and I want more (release the rhythm!)

[Coro: Carlos Vives, Wisin & Daddy Yankee]
I live on the moon for you
Flight without wings for you
No one to take this note
I am feeling for you (Woh-Woh-Woh-Woh-Woh)
I live on the moon for you (hard)
I feel a thousand things for you (hey)
This note does not happen to me (a Latin party, that does not stop the rhythm)
I am feeling for you (Woh-Woh-Woh-Woh-Woh)
I am feeling for you (oh, oh-oh, uoh-oh, oh; unexpected together)
I'm feeling for you4embed