What is your plan? Lyrics [letter of "What is your plan?" FT. DJ Nelson]

[Enter: PJ without sole]
This and 'the last call
Last song, vamo 'to close the bar
So mommy, tell me
Tell me tell me)

[Choir: ñejo & pj without sole]
What is your plan?
When I want, 'you let me know' and leave here
No one has to find out that I put it in you, but
Tell me what is your plan (what is your plan, Baby? What is your plan?)
When I want, 'you let me know' and leave here
No one has to find out that I put it in you (without sole)
Just tell me what is your plan (Yeh)
[Verse 1: pj without sole]
What is your plan? Tell me what we're going to do
To go around like a carousel (Huh)
That if you want to go, then, I start like Nascar
And I 'position' that they have not done in Madagascar (Wuh, Wuh!)
The compe 'is going to chew, but they are biting
Seeing that you get wet like a river
You give yourself like a pillo, you wrap yourself as a gift
The night will be good, I see you under 'the stick
Going up by my thigh ', with my skin
Thinking about Las Vega 'knowing that I'm faithful (uff)
Well, I wouldn't change you, I'm yours even on the moon
Hungry for your kiss' and I'm not fasting
I ate the skeleton, I promise that this is secret
I respect your full body, although for him peco
And I break the ten commandments today (you know ')
If you tell me your plan, then, for there I go, Yeah

[Choir: ñejo & pj without sole]
What is your plan?
When I want, 'you let me know' and leave here
No one has to find out that I put it in you, but
Just tell me what your plan is (what is your plan, Baby, what is your plan?)
When I want, 'you let me know' and leave here
No one has to find out that I put it in
Just tell me what your plan is
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Bad Bunny]
Baby, what is your plan? (Huh!)
Pa 'I change mine', tell me where it goes' (tell me!)
If you have Jevo, I look for my mess (there)
If you have Jeva, then, make it pa'l trio (prr)
That I walk loose, loose, loose, loose (huh)
And you wiggling my ass' wrapped me
If I manage to grab, I swear, I don't let go (no!)
If they leave me, I'm giving you until after death
Is that you are hard, perfection (muah)
That's why I did this song (Yeh)
Vamo 'to move the party pa' the room (wouh)
I put it to you and it wasn't my intention (UH-HMM)
I just wanted to talk, chat (heh-heh)
Know how you are doing at university
You were the one that began to beautiful
So, for it is that it goes

[Chorus: Bad Bunny & PJ without sole]
But, Baby, what is your plan?
When you want, 'you tell me' and leave here
No one has to find out that I put it in you (no!)
But, Baby, what is your plan? (Huh!; What is your Baby plan, what is your plan?)
When you want, 'you tell me' and leave here
No one has to find out that I put it in
Yeh, Baby, tell me what is your plan
[Verse 3: Ñejo]
They say they wouldn't walk together 'if they did not agree
They say that it is crazy, but I am not sane either (-It I am sane)
Maybe, tomorrow I don't even remember
But today, for the men ', I am that if I take you, I bite you
What is your plan? What plans? Implying?
I hope that in that revolú is to give me the— (what?)
Anyone is ahocic, anyone beg
Is that it is very rich (I don't know what it does)
But today, for the men ', dedicate me a little' of time
That if you 'go happy, I'm happier
(Progress and tell me that I already have a two percent)
When I see you from the front, I tell you what I feel

[Bridge: Bad Bunny & Ñejo, Ñejo]
If you want to beautiful, then ', let's go from here
Forget about the VIP, tonight is pa 'me and pa' ti
(No one is going to find out what happens here)
If you want to beautiful, then ', let's go from here
Forget about the VIP, tonight is pa 'me and pa' ti
(No one is going to find out what happens here)

[Outro: Ñejo, PJ without sole & bad bunny, Bad Bunny & Ñejo]
I am the ñejo with PJ and the rabbit
This is Ñejo with PJ and the rabbit (Yeh, Yeh, Yeh, Yeh)
PJ without sole with the Ñejo
The Ñejo with the PJ, you know '
NElflow
(If you want to beautiful, then, let's go from here)
OMB "The substance"
OMB
DJ Nelson
Flow Music, The Flow Is Back
Fame All Star
(Eliot the magician d oz)
If you want to beautiful, then ', let's go from here
Forget about the VIP (before fucking, you can go to eat and then for a flan, I see you Lola)
If you want to ', if you want', if you want to beautiful, then ', let's go from here
Forget about the VIP, tonight is pa 'me and pa' ti
(No one is going to find out what happens here)
Yeah! 5embed