TranslationspolSkienglishsafaera Lyrics ["Safaera" letter]

[Intro: Randy Crazy Note & Jowell]
Bla bla bla bla bla bla
Hey, I ', Me', Me '
I ', Me', Me ', Me', Yah
Lalalalalala (Blow, Blow)
LALALALALALA

[Saying: randy crazy & jowell]
Devil, what safaera
You have a bastard ass
Anything that puts you 'break the road (Lalalala; Aight)
Move it, move it, move it, move it (Lalalalalala)
What Safaera (Lalalala)
Has' a bastard ass
Anything that puts the road (Aight; tra!)
Move it, move it, move it, move it
[Verse 1: randy crazy note]
What disrespect, mommy
How dare you 'to come without Panty?
Today you were put pa 'me
I thought he came to sleep, no
Ready came, put for a brush '
The lollipop sucks me, Solita kneel, hey
How dare you ', mommy, to come without Panty?

[Interlude: Ñengo Flow & Bad Bunny]
Mere, tell me, dj orma
What do you think '? Jodío 'bastard, hehe
I do what I want
Tell it, rabbit
Ey, ey (hahahaha)

[Chorus: Bad Bunny & Ñengo Flow]
Today you drink, today you spend
Today is smoke like a Rasta
If he gave 'allowed (if he gave' permits), hey
If he gave 'allowed (if he gave' permits), hey
Today you drink, today you spend
Today he smokes like a Rasta (Woo, Woo, Woo)
If he gave it (hahahahaha), hey
If he gave 'allowed (me', me '), hey
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Ñengo Flow]
Real G, guiding the 'new' generation ', with the real
Bellaqueo to the Galactic
Yes, so that the panty are wet
MET BELLACO to the versatile
More 'whore that Betty Boop
The one that Bellaca put, mommy, you were you
I keep killing with the U
Bug bug, bug with buttock (pushes)
Chocha with a bug, bug with buttock, yes (pushes)
Bug bug, bug with buttock (pushes)
Te-teta 'touching my netilla' (pushes)
This year I don't want putilla '(pushes)
They see you with a lot of 'garment' and they want to hit you (push)
They see you very active and they want to hit you (pushes)
Because it is 'good, because it is' good (it is full)
Teta 'Very big' like Lourdes Chacón
The buttocks 'very big' like Iris Chacón
The chocha I don't know why I haven't seen it
But vamo 'pa' the bed to nail you in Panty

[Chorus: Randy Crazy Note]
Today you drink, today you spend
Today is smoke like a Rasta
If it gave 'allow it
If I gave it, Yeah-Yeah
And today you drink, today you spend
Today is smoke like a Rasta
If it gave 'allow it
If I gave 'allow it (-Ye, -te, -te, -te, -te, -te)
[Verse 3: Randy Crazy Note, Bad Bunny & Baby Ranks]
(Arr-go!)
Mommy, what do you want '? Here your shark came
I want to lose you and smoke a bunt
See what hides that pants
I want to lose and get rid of you and get rid (hard, hard)
Yo-yo-I want to see you and smoke a Blunt (hard, hard)
I want to lose and get rid of you and get rid (hard, hard)
Yo-yo-I want to lose you and smoke a Blunt,-a blunt (hard, hard)
The song already exploded me
The baby dancing was thrown away
That ass deserves to ', deserves to', deserves to ', Yes
That ass deserves to ', deserves to', deserves to '(ey, ey, ey, ey, ey)

[Interlude: Bad Bunny]
Ah! I thought she was slow
'Good,' good, vamo 'again, again
They wake up orma, you will be seen that is Bellaco
Hahahaha (hahahaha, hahahaha)

[Verse 4: Bad Bunny]
My bug is running and I want you to hide it '
Straw it as Bonga
A pepa that puts it horny is put
Chinga in the 'Audi, not in the' Honda, Ey (tra)
If I get it, don't call me '(tra, tra)
That this is not 'pa' that loves me ', ey (tra, tra)
If your boyfriend does not breastfeed your ass
Pa 'what does not mame

[Bridge: Bad Bunny]
Low pa 'house that I lambo to'a
Mommy, I lambo to'a
I low
That I break you to'a
I low the house that I lambo to'a (daddy, continue!)
Mommy, I lambo to'a (daddy, continue!)
Tell me, servant (daddy, continues)
If you smoke 'Yerba (Papi, PA-PAPI)

[Verse 5: jowell]
Jowell, baby, baby, baby, haha, hahahahaha!
Perreando e 'La Bichota (hard!)
It is seen that fucking rich in the note
I want to throw a selfie with that 'buttock' (tra, tra; wow)
For'o, for the I have it, I show it (woh, woh)
What vamo 'to do with that' buttock '? (Que?)
In the uni to'a they are a, a, a (tra)
But that 'tit' are c
You ere 'a superbellaca (wuh), mommy, I know (eh)
I am also a Bellaco (tra), what vamo 'to do? (You know ', h)
With that Bum-Bum, Guíllate, Bum-Bum
Guide that bum-bum, guíllate, bum-bum
If you have 'that bum-bum, guide, bum-bum
If you have 'that bum-bum, guide yourself, buoh! 12embed