TranslationEnglishme I used to accustom Lyrics ["I got used to" ft. Bad Bunny]

[Enter: Archangel]
Ey, me '
Austin, Baby
Luian
Mambo Kingz
Let's go

[Pre-car: Archangel]
Today I got up from the left of the bed (from bed, bed)
I do not want drama and that is why, a philliesito 'and marijuana, oh, oh, oh
Par of Mile 'I looked for me in the morning, I managed to buy my Cuban
I bought my car and my mansion in the American nation
I was born to be millo, I don't want fame (Wouh!)
[Choir: Bad Bunny & Archangel, both]
I got used to it, I got used to
Always win like twenty -three (I ')
I got used to it, I got used (YAP)
To shut up the mouth who does not believe me
I got used, I got used (how?)
Not to import the price of what I bought (I don't fuck ')
I got used, I got used (what?)
To nail these whores of three in three (ey, me '; wuh)

[Verse 1: Arcangel]
Let me tell you how I did it fifteen years ago (back)
I sat down with Geezy, he endorsed the kilo until there was no more, ah (no, no, no)
Then the thing 'changed (Yeah) and we put us to sing (Yeah)
The world to travel, it was necessary to arrive, no longer had to be, no
But if you want to tell you about drugs, with pleasure, minor, I show you (Yes)
I know the capo 'and none are toad'; Dominican, Puerto Rican '
I don't take a lot with the employee ', why?
For the simple reason (why?) That I grew up with the owners' (Auh!)
One day, a corduroy of mine, a couple of million 'of him put me to tell me
I last to the night telling ticket 'and the hand began to chop me
The time passed 'and I was still finishing (finish)
For me, that was a sign (signal) that was then going to touch me (Huh!)

[Choir: Bad Bunny & Archangel, both]
I got used to it, I got used to
Always win like twenty -three (I ')
I got used to it, I got used (YAP)
To shut up the mouth who does not believe me
I got used, I got used (how?)
Not to import the price of what I bought (I don't fuck ')
I got used, I got used (what?)
To nail this' whore 'of three by three, I' (Yeh, Yeh, Yeh)
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Bad Bunny & Dj Luian]
I got used to the envious always betrayed me (Yeh)
And that by the pattern, my name mentions
(Sendo bastard, take my name from the mouth)
I always picheo in mine, calm
Tell it Luian, who hooked your gold tail on your neck and now weighs a kilo (hahahaha!)
The Movie always and 'stellar
If you don't believe me, ask at Banco Popular
Kush moles, never regular
This and 'All-Star Game, you are not going' to play
Giving more stick 'than David Ortíz
I'm with the Beatle ', crazy to go to Kiss's shot'
I got used to a model 'with Flow from Paris, Yeh
The most hate'o: Donald Trump
Oil at the Vaper, no longer smoke Blunt
I put it to dance Kuduro, like Don
They touch and advance the Armaggedon, AH (Yeh)
Thank God for the gift
Since I signed, to 'want to take pound
Tomb La Movie de Al Capone
That you can be a carter doing the three-sixty and we give you plug, Yeh

[Choir: Bad Bunny & Archangel, both]
I got used to it, I got used to
Not to import the price of what I bought (I ')
I got used to it, I got used (YAP)
To nail this 'whore' of three in three, Yeah
I got used, I got used (how?)
Always win like twenty -three (no fuck ')
I got used, I got used (what?)
To shut up the mouth who does not believe me (I ')
[Outro: Bad Bunny]
Yeh
Bad Bunny, Baby
Tell me, ark
No hemo 'a topic
Mambo Kingz
Mambo Kingz!
Hey, say it, that the crown of the trap the tenemo 'we'
Tell him, Luian
Yeah-EH-EH-EH
Hear This Music
Hear This Music
Wuh! 8embed