TranslationEnglishsigues with him Lyrics [lyrics by "still with him"]

[Intro: Sech & Archangel, both]
If you go crazy for me (for me)
And I go crazy for you (for you)
(Then, ma ', leave the boyfriend that you have'
Tell him you don't want it ')
You took first, then you called
And in the midst of indirects you warmed the situation
And I calm in the room (Yao ')
I didn't expect it from you (no)
I saw you so in love that I didn't even try
Now I ask you— (ah-ah; baby)
[Choir: Archangel & Sech, both]
Why are you still with him (Auh!; Why are you still with him?)
If drunk, did you confess that he doesn't do it well? (Haha)
You heat the food, but he doesn't know how to eat (okay)
If you try, you will not return (no), no-oh-oh-oh, yeah-eh
Why do you continue with é-enl
If drunk, did you confess that he doesn't do it well? (Bie-en; what happened?)
You heat the food, but he does not know how to eat (e 'what is there' he does not know)
If you try, you will not return (OH-OH-OH-OH)

[Verse 1: sech]
(This is sech)
You continue with him for the time they already have
But you can end in a second, Oh
You continue with him for the things' he gets
Baby, hopefully I bought the world (oh, oh)
I know what you would like (I would like ')
You know 'the little thing' that I did (I did)
Maybe if you put on your part (put ')
As hot food, it would eat you (ate)
Baby, why do you still 'there? I would have left the party
I feel comfortable as the Eiffel Tower in Paris (Yeah-eh)
You wanting to go and he doesn't let you go
So much gym, but he doesn't come to you, no (Baby)

[Choir: Archangel & Sech, both]
Why do you continue with him
If drunk, did you confess that he doesn't do it well?
You heat the food, but he does not know how to eat (e 'what is there' he does not know)
If you try, you will not return, no, OH-OH-OH-OH
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Archangel]
(Austin, Baby)
Baby, why do you still 'there, so uncomfortable there? (AHA)
Scave with me, no 'vamo' of the party (haha; huh)
You wanting to leave and he doesn't let you go (what?)
So much gym, but he doesn't come to you
Don't pretend so much (no)
Leave sarcasm (Yes)
Who knows not to cause you an orgasm in the room (hey)
You don't feel satisfaction with him (haha; hey)

[Choir: Archangel & Sech, both]
Why do you continue with him (AUH)
If drunk, did you confess that he doesn't do it well? (Haha)
You heat the food, but he doesn't know how to eat (okay)
If you try, you will not return (no), no-oh-oh-oh, yeah-eh
Why do you continue with é-enl
If drunk, did you confess that he doesn't do it well? (Bie-en; what happened?)
You heat the food, but he does not know how to eat (e 'what is there' he does not know)
If you try, you will not return (OH-OH-OH-OH)

[Outro: Sech & Archangel]
(Oh oh oh)
This is Sech
Archangel, pa '
The MA'
The Marash
"The wonder"
Archangel, pa '
This is Flow Factory
What does Keityn say?
Prr-ra!; Capisci?
Tell me flow
Rich Music
IMO
JB Boy1embed