24 hours Lyrics ["24 hours" letter]]

[Intro: Jhay Cortez & Bryant Myers]
No, no, no hemo 'passes the game to more', I don't want you to say it '
I want you to demonstrate 'yes' true' that you are hard
Because with the mouth ere 'a mamey
Hey, hey, ey, hey, me ... I with my mouth 'toy hard
He follows me'?

[Choir: Jhay Cortez]
What goes' and let them come
Do not stop (not 'so pelao')
Vamo 'to throw the baby (if they are not in na')
Vamo 'to throw the baby (what?)
Pa 'that hit you' (what?)
Pa 'to hit you'
What goes' and let them come
Do not stop (if they don't have flow, ha)
Vamo 'to throw the baby (if you need' a choir)
Vamo 'to throw the baby (what?)
Pa 'that hit you' (what?)
Pa 'to hit you'
[Verse 1: Jhay Cortez]
Mera, he indicates, what is there? (There are)
You do not put anyone 'goat', here everyone knows what there is
God bless you, Son, your Pai '(Amen) arrived
If chromium stops writing, bastard, the pencil falls (follow me ’?)
Bastard, you don't ere 'compe (compe)
Son 'e bucky, I' toy probao 'on each track that I mount (-te)
Bastard, and I don't laugh '
You ere 'the only one who thinks that in the' Chanteo 'your break'
I left the 'other' day '(day')
And ask, but they don't know you in La Riaa (Riaa)
And speaking, vamo 'to keep it real
How fuck 'you take a Armao' and you leave 'the next day? Chota (Chota)
'Tás cooperating (cooperating)
Your location comes out that E 'in Orlando (Orlando)
I am from the picture, 'you are looking from the bank
And still 'tás pantinao' from Franco's slap '(haha)
Yes, I am the Boss (Boss)
Put on the shirt with the photo, that this bastard fell (-Yó)
And (y), Mera Woo (Woo)
I already have 'an anuel, I don't need' do '(do'!)
And I'm put pa 'ti, bastard, vamo' to war
I will let them write it to you, do not come to take long
After this shit, do not come to Mamar
And that I only shoot feats? (Haha), don't they have more na 'to throw? (Throw)
Bastard, I pass you the rolo
If you take five years 'pa' paste a theme alone
It happens to you 'Iron and puts you' Rolo '
And you got stuck, but e 'more' bastard when you wrote it alone (the pressure)
Lowkey has no code, and wow
You betrayed your cousin Anonymu '(Anonymu')
You say 'that you hit the trap, but there they left a lot'
I broke your ass, I broke your ass Pusho (Pusho)
And I'm going to give you a day (day)
I want to hear yours, even if it looks like "Gan -ga" and I laugh
Your mother and 'holy and God bless you
But you left her alone kidnap ', and she who gave you life
You Might Also Like [Interlude: Jhay Cortez]
Can I follow me 'Oh still' yet, you bastard?
And so you want to 'snore me?
Charlatan
You know 'that I am "the pressure"

[Choir: Jhay Cortez]
What goes' and let them come
Do not stop
Vamo 'to throw the baby (if they are not in na')
Vamo 'to throw the baby (what?)
Pa 'that hit you' (what?)
Pa 'to hit you'
What goes' and let them come
Do not stop (if they don't have flow, ha)
Vamo 'to throw the baby (if you need' a choir)
Vamo 'to throw the baby (what?)
Pa 'that hit you' (what?)
Pa 'to hit you'

[Verse 2: Jhay Cortez]
And speaking of course, you mama 'the bug
To 'the world knows that you gave him screenshot
Here I am the animal, I have told you
Comparing with me is like comparing the AP with the G-Shock (Can I follow me '?)
You were that you gave me mind
And your songs 'are songs' or are Spanish version? (I don't understand)
You were the worst invertion (invertion)
And as you ere 'the youngest, you bastard, you will spend the pension (cash)
I, your mouth, close (close)
Bastard, call luny tunes, today there
Throwing was a mistake (an error), it was a mistake, that was a mistake
In seeing you for the United, I would have a dog (grr!)
If the look 'Mataran (Mataran)
How he fuck you, someone who sang Ballada '? (Haha)
Do you have 'eyebrow' or have 'face? (Expensive)
Vamo 'to snore with music and leave me outside the Babie' Momma (Can I follow me '?)
What are you hard with your mouth? Of course, sucking bug
In to'a the war 'is' in coca (glup)
Bastard, when touches, touch
Are you going to throw or 'tás shouted'? In what you write, 'I write the other
In Puerto Rico, respect is won (you win)
Nobody loves you here, you have 'pela'os to your corduroy' (Pana ')
Put it to shine (to shine), to shine, release wool
You jump in Corillo in Corillo, more than a frog (Frogger)
Where fuck 'you are', you bastard?
You are turned off ', you rightly put "the darkness" (haha)
You say to be the god of trap
And from the wave '2016 you were the asshole that stood'
[Outro: Jhay Cortez]
"The pressure", bastard (haha)
Hey, "the pressure"
If you supposedly ere 'the hard' the trap (the hard 'the trap)
The most hard that is giving the trap right now
What ', has' 24 time' to answer
Neither more nor men '
Can I follow me 'Oh still' yet, you bastard?
(You know 'that I am "the pressure", bastard)
Hey, respect Hozwal, respect chrome
Yes, what they come out at the Split Sheet of "Gan-Ga", bastard
You say you wrote it, but there is how sei '(haha)
Hey, you can't 'with me, boy
I did this, I recorded it
If you want ', I do you to the track, you bastard
He follows me'? (Jhayco, Jhay Cortez ')
M. De La Cruz
MVSis
Artillery
Too much '' and a lot of artillery pa 'ti (haha)
Hey
With whom I 'toy warming here?
With you or who writes to you? (Haha) 4embed