Misconduct Lyrics ["misconduct" ft. Franco "El Gorilla"]

[Pre-Caro: Alexis & Fido, Franco 'El Gorilla']
E 'problematic, little maniac
Perrining me and 'the only one (Yeah, Yeah)
Has its tactics (ah)
The Tipa e 'solid, likes Lollipop (I')
He refuses to be romantic, a lunatic (let's go)

[Chorus: Alexis & Fido, Franco 'El Gorilla']
I want to whip you, tame you (Mr. A, Mr. F; tra)
But the bad thing is that you like it (the machine!)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, no-no (oh yeah)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, no-no (oh yeah)
I want to whip you, tame you
But the bad thing is that you like (eat on!)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, not-no (eat on!)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, not-no (Yeh-Yeh, Yeh-Yeh)
[Post-Coro: Alexis & Fido]
Turn off that light, that's the attitude (eat on!)
Ponte wild, that's the attitude (Yeh, Yeh)
If you ask me more, that's the attitude (eat on)
Without mercy, that is the attitude (Come Again)
Turn off that light, that's the attitude (Yes, Sir)
Ponte wild, that's the attitude (hah)
If you ask me, but that's the attitude
Without mercy, that's the attitude (he says)

[Verse 1: Alexis & Franco 'El Gorilla']
I have a cat that likes punishment
She goes crazy when I get aggressive
When I take her by the hair I hit the wall and say
I'm going to send it intensive pa '
She melts like in your palate the chocolate
He fascinates that in bed the machuque with the bat
He likes to mistreat her and in rope the tie
That mooring and esbarate (G-Auf!)
He loves to put me like an animal
That tapes the eye 'and begins to torture
That I do it 'under the zebra savannas (zebra)
Not who dome her, lasts as stone (stone)

[Chorus: Alexis & Fido, Franco 'El Gorilla']
I want to whip you, uh, tame you
But the bad thing is that you like
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, no-no (oh yeah)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, no-no (oh yeah)
I want to whip you, uh, tame you
But the bad thing is that you like (eat on!)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, not-no (eat on!; The machine!)
Punish you for your misconduct (EY)
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Franco "El Gorilla"]
He tells me "Horse, Arre, Arre-Arre!"
Do not take away your clothes, which is better to be
That of saliva the pregnant and that in the bed I love it
It transforms into beast and bedroom with me barre
She wants me to punish her, she wants me to get hard-duro
She wants her to bite her neck, to hit the skirt to the wall
He wants punishment and hot, the pool in the navel
To the prehistoric and grotesque as a cavernícola
Give it down, I want to see her exercising her jaw
I am the index that unleashes your movie
That seems like a cannula

[Pre-car: Alexis & Fido]
E 'problematic, little maniac
Perrining me and 'the only one (Yeh, Yeh)
It has its tactics
The Topa e 'Solida, likes Lollipop (I')
It is denied to be romantic, a lunatic (let's go)

[Chorus: Alexis & Fido]
I want to whip you, uh, tame you
But the bad thing is that you like
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, no-no (oh yeah)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, no-no (oh yeah)
I want to whip you, uh, tame you
But the bad thing is that you like (eat on)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, not-no (eat on)
Punish you for your misconduct, oh, not-no (Yeh-Yeh, Yeh, Yeh)
[Post-Coro: Alexis & Fido]
Turn off that light, that's the attitude (eat on!)
Ponte wild, that's the attitude (Yeh, Yeh)
If you ask me more, that's the attitude (eat on)
Without mercy, that is the attitude (Come Again)
Turn off that light, that's the attitude (Yes Sir)
Ponte wild, that's the attitude
If you ask me, but that's the attitude
Without mercy, that is the attitude (hah)

[Outro: Alexis & Franco 'El Gorilla']
This is Wild Dogz
The Corporation, Pa '
The Army
Nelly
Secret weapon
Mountain!
Mr. A, Mr. F
Machine
Franco "El Gorilla", Hah
Full metal Enterprise, ok?
Hey, they tell me, now you walk 'and dress'' e leather
Running motorcycle, say they tell you rede
Not to 'The world records with us', daddy
You understand'?
Wild Dogz
The corporation
Artilleryembed