Yes sir lyrics [lyrics for "yes sir"]

[Part 1: Karuzo]
Hundreds of thousand euros on the bench - I stay relaxed
Half Streetcash, the other because I am baily
Paris Gare de l'Est, c'est la vie Mec, G-rap
Intelligence - we have the license
Witnesses like Karuzo from the UFO Steppt
The crew is back that is said
That there is a future in your German raps
And you are right, we are good for business
Without us, rap is a joint that does not burn without embers
The comeback of the year, you waited so long
Short process because the evidence "D.N.A." is
At the speed of light on the street
I balancers between genius and madness
I have during pregnancy
Mom step into my stomach because I want to
Quickly as possible to live my dream
At that time the cells shared quickly
Today you quickly share a cell
Because of quick money, bad world
Superior genetics, for the AMG Mercedes
With the leather seats you have to push kilos like in training
I didn't get rich and remained anti -social
But your dying swan sees my crane flying!
[Hook: Karuzo]
Do you hear me? Yes Sir! You see me? Yes Sir!
All salutier'n, because General is back, yeah!
Domo Arigato, Sayonara, Bitch!
Let the vertebrae crack, show what a soldier you are!
Do you hear me? Yes Sir! You see me? Yes Sir!
All salutier'n, because General is back, yeah!
Domo Arigato, Sayonara, Bitch!
Let the vertebrae crack, show what a soldier you are!

[Part 2: Karuzo]
German rap crashes and has my album in the Black Box
Without us would be hip-hop black ops, only without headshots
Boring, I have the snout full
Through my 'body flowing ten by hundred thousand volts
What I smoke, it's gold, look, how chic it sparkles
I bunkered minimum for two half of the poison
I want glittering clunkers and beaches, so white
That I can chill out, from today to the end of time
You stretch a few lines and put them in
And then imitate yourself that you are the best here
But no - you are just high from the coke
I keep seeing my world through a kaleidoscope
Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds
And I fly after her to grab the little one
the whole thing is more than the sum of its parts
I want you to pray to me and to bow to me
"D.N.A." stands for "double nuclear attack war"
Man, our cyborg fans are ready to fake in the fight
Do you want to battlen? The demigod makes you last weak
I pull the flash out of my cover and get off you, Yoah!
You Might So Like [Hook: Karuzo]
Do you hear me? Yes Sir! You see me? Yes Sir!
All salutier'n, because General is back, yeah!
Domo Arigato, Sayonara, Bitch!
Let the vertebrae crack, show what a soldier you are!
Do you hear me? Yes Sir! You see me? Yes Sir!
All salutier'n, because General is back, yeah!
Domo Arigato, Sayonara, Bitch!
Let the vertebrae crack, show what a soldier you are! 12embed