You do not put goat (remix) lyrics [letter of "you do not put goat (remix)" ft. Daddy Yankee, Anuel AA & Cosculluela]

[Intro: Anuel AA, Hector El Father & Dj Luian]
When you see me, I know they tremble
The one who is afraid of dying, that does not be born
Money, bitch ', chipete' and ak
Baby, to whom you have to burn the legs'
I have a black 40 to'a like Baby Rasta
A guy and I'm going to leave it gymnast
I leave you 'face like pasta
I have dead presidents 'pa' buy you at your cat
Mulatto, smoke with me and snatch
A fantasy in the express and we break your can
(This is the remix, ha!)
[Chorus: Hector el Father]
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You do not-you do not put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
And if you go to me, we go to the switche '

[Verse 1: Daddy Yankee]
(Dy; winter is coming)
I have a corrupt letter, the government gave me example
The Night Walker, there comes winter
Lirical dictatorship, nobody left trace
I am Mussolini, Stalin; I am Fidel Castro
Maduro Mama, I am a genocidal
Rapper that throws me, rapper that loses my life (ha)
They are part of my colony (colony)
I rob the tone on the track
Psychopath in sight, imperialist power
The Yankee, the true terrorist
What do I have to do (do)
What are they saying that I am real?
Talk about killing, with any metal, looking for a state case
Or comply with Anuel in the Federal, Ah? (Hey)
Pupils, keep learning 'El Teacher (Teacher)
The 'haters are pussie' and seek to be chiche
I will do like Ozuna, give you a stick by pitcher
Or a microfonazo by Saramambiche
You Might Also Like [Choir: Hector el Faster]
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't - you don't - you don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche

[Verse 2: cosculluela]
PRR, PRR, PRR
You don't put goat, you've never put '(aha)
Come the bus and to 'get pa'l bohio
Is that the mouth says to 'what the mind imagines (aha)
Until they have me in front of the Magazine '(PRR, PRR, PRR)
I have gold sticks, Hussein tell me
The song control it from Luis Muñoz Marín
Estamo 'a switche and there is no chota that fiche (Yeah)
And if the cat is bicha, that I go from (wouh)
You know where it is 'and the ticket that lowers'
Bill ', if you don't believe me,' he asks at Ferragamo Salvatore
To call the doctorate '
That they walk with the supreme that they don't even come from those colored '
China Town with you, Louis Vuitton with me
Remember that you go on power and go down the friend '
But, while I am in Miami stepping on BusciMi
You are saving for the semi -comb
You 'are very Guilla'o de Gánster, well guilla'o of what? (Stupid)
You speak a lot of shit, but nobody believes you
Thus, destiny, to 'the world puts a path
I from the sixteen ', in Mercedes with wide and fine (PRR, PRR, PRR, PRR)
[Chorus: Hector el Father]
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't - you don't - you don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
You don't put goat, Saramambiche
And if you go to me, we go to the switche '

[Verse 3: anuel aa & daddy yankee]
(Free Anuel)
My FN makes me limp (makes limp)
Eight year ', a federal case (federal case)
Double m, they want to kill me (they want to kill me)
Where the 'hammer, you will rest in peace (Paz will rest)
Then your mother is going to cry (she's going to cry)
I don't go down 'the crystall', break 'the crystal (brr!)
He never arrived at the hospital (to the hospital)
That bury it in the pillar (in the pillar)
Does they war or are scared '? (Or are scared '?)
The killamo 'while they are empericao' (haha)
I have the lawyer 'the devil, he is already paying (already' tá to 'pays)
The bullets have no mark ', the case goes tomb'o (the case is tomb'o)
They killed Galla, that and 'a soldier burra'o (soldier burra'o)
But the 22 is going to leave them crucifica'o (crucifica'o)
I have the nail 'and Jesus Christ in my Tatua'o hand (my Tatua'o hand)
I kidnap you and they will find you dismembered (dismembered)

[Verse 4: Bad Bunny]
(Yeh!)
You don't put goat, I also have a hitman '(ha; rrr!)
Famous 'and Millionaire' (Huh!)
Bastard, I don't have an adversary '
The new religion, ask me a rosary (ah, ah, ah)
Gucci, Prada, Louis Vui '(HUH)
They missed me? I already returned (Wouh!)
The most son and 'bitch on top of a beat (JA)
I passed them and I didn't even see them (rrru)
G65 with the body kit (Brrum, Brum)
You die without getting here
Dan Bilzerian with two whore 'in the Jetski (Yeh!)
Pa 'war with me has' to climb the ki, bastard, Yeh

[Outro: Anuel AA, Bad Bunny, Daddy Yankee, Cosculluela]
Mere, tell me, luian, the untouchables, the Illuminati '
Mera, tell me, Mambo Kingz, reey 'with the gods', did you hear, bastard?
Mere, rabbit, tell to 'these pela bug that leone' do not mix with the shark '
Yeh, Yeh, Yeh, Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh
Bad Bunny, Baby
Bad Bunny, baby, baby, baby, baby, hahaha
You don't put goat
This is the remix, this is the remix
Neither yesterday, nor today, nor ever
Anuel
Free Anuel
Cosculluela
Prince
Cosculluela
Dad -idad-faddy yankee, dad -idad yankee
Bad Bunny, D. And
Tell him, Luian
MA-MA-MAMB Kingz, Mambo Kingz!
You don't put goat, bastard
Hear This Music
Leave that, Huh-Huh
Gaby Music
THE NEW RELIGION (MERA TUME, ARKEY-O)
We control 'the entire planet (Pina)
Music (what do you think '?)
No 'I do' Millionaire 'okay? RRR! 4embed