Julito Maraña Lyrics "What is there, Julito?"
"What happened?
Throw a stick there iron!
Vamo'a give us ...! "

"Acho, really ...
I have to do something..."

(Volt)
Julito Maraña, bad
He throws his feat, 80 tricks and thousand tricks
A fili is smoke with a cane drink
And with the magnum to anyone on the day he tarnishes him
To the spider bugotes like piraña
Chamaquito who joins Julito is damaged
He likes killing, assaults, and tares
No one throws a type of that calaña in the middle
Neither state nor special arrests
And federal find causes in court
Because to 'the world knows all its ills
There is no evidence or chota that indicates it
In the neighborhood they fear because the guy is a brave
And he has the devil grabbed the tail
It does not work, always Asicalao to the end
And the catrueca starts if you don't give it the kids
The other days trusted him an eighth
And a week the guy went to collect the kids
Julio took out the .9mm and cracked it with the corporal
And the guy ran more than on the turkey marathon
(Tego Calderon)
"Look, punch, this is an assault!
Car keys, wallet, money and garments!
And don't look at me if you don't want me to throw you!
And have the Ready ticket, for the next one to come! "
(Volt)
The Liquors Store, the ATH, and in the stores
That paste point, and wherever they are sold
Look if the guy is bad and likes fucking
That I take the pastor to the kids of the offering
I started for the Newyores for his aunt's house
Let's see if the problems you had cooled
There with the tiguerazos made a couple of misdeeds
And in the high of Manhathan people knew him
In 42, even in Brooklyn on the tram
To 'the one who took, my little brother, fucking
He left the island, squeeze by the police
And when he came, even more bad
("Julito is there, ah!")

In the neighborhood it was said
And they believed that I was going to go the goat as I did before
It is no longer the same, those days have passed
Do not confuse humility with cowardice
Boquetrapo, daddy, here to 'the world is handsome
Now they kill to kill, and more if you are a toad
(Tego Calderon)
"Man no!
Here I am the Bravucón!
These chamaquitos have a bastard fear!
Let the alums with this issue, mammon! "
You Might Also Like (Voltio)
But the type of eighth was the owner of the alley
He had the hamlet walking on the shore
And the henchmen had babilla
And I already had about 15 on the ribs
That you think I pass to Julito if the man catches him
"Hey, Julito Maraña!
Do you remember me, bastard? "

"What happened, who fuck you are you?"

"He who left the melon for the eighth!"

"Look, whom you get that, crazy!
Look, Bobo song, throw ...! "

((Booommm))
Ohhh ...
Ohhh ...
Julito died ...
By bravucón ...
Ohhh ...
Ohhh ...
Julito died ...
By bravucón ...
"The prison, and the cemeteries ...
They are full of people like Julito Maraña ..
Right, fucking ...
That abuse is not good, humility prevails ...
The times changed ...
The time machine does not stop ...
You die, but life continues ...
Port yourself well, Break well ...
Look for the weight, honestly ...
For the same thing, he knows ... "
(Julio Voltio!) Embed