TranslationPortuguêshebrewewenglishchina Lyrics ["China" ft letter. Ozuna & J Balvin]

[Intro: Rikrok, Anuel AA, Daddy Yankee & Ozuna]
Honey Came in and She Caught Me Red-Handed
Creeping with the girl Next Door
My wife was calling me (woh, oh, oh)
Oh oh oh
D. and
Dirili-dady
(With you perreating; Ozuna; Fuimo '!)
[Chorus: Anuel AA, Daddy Yankee & Ozuna]
My wife was calling me
But I didn't answer (uah, baby; go up)
Because I was with you perreating
And from her I forgot (mommy)
My God, forgive me
I don't know why I failed (I failed; uah)
I was on the album perreating
And with her I got tangled (woh, oh, oh; fire!; Uah)

[Post-Coro: Ozuna & Anuel AA]
I was on the album perreating (oh, oh; hah, prr!)
I was on the perreando album (huh, eh, eh; uah)
I was on the perreando album (uah, uah; eh-eh)
I was on the album perreating

[Verse 1: ozuna]
The way he looked at me (woh, oh, oh)
I could notice that she had what she was looking for (danced)
I wanted me to dance (woh, oh)
And the DJ that music never lowered it
And it is turned on in fire (fire)
That does not fall in love, she is for play (for play)
Go alone, you never lower your ego (to your ego)
It causes me and facilitated I hit him (I hit him)
And is that it is turned on in fire (in fire)
That does not fall in love, she is for play (for play, oh)
Go alone, you never lower your ego (to your ego)
It causes me and facilitated and that is that (haha)
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Anuel AA, Ozuna & Daddy Yankee]
I have an alcohol problem
I don't know why I am like that (like that)
For me that the doctor was drinking
The day I was born (mommy, mommy)
Baby, put your hand on the floor (soil)
And play with your hair (hair)
Your body is pure poison (poison)
Baby, you take me 'to heaven (baby; hard!)
You let me fall, but she lifted me (uah)
Leave me, little woman, but she lifted me (oh, oh, oh)
And I got drunk and I forgot, eh (eh), eh (eh)
And you fight 'One and the other, baby, I got tired, eh (eh), eh (eh)
(Fire; Rumba!)

[Choir: Ozuna, Anuel AA, Daddy Yankee, Daddy Yankee & Ozuna]
My wife was calling me
But I didn't answer (uah, baby; go up)
Because I was with you perreating
And from her I forgot (mommy)
My God, forgive me
I don't know why I failed him (I failed)
I was on the album perreating
And with her I got tangled (woh, oh, oh; fire!; Uah)

[Post-Coro: Daddy Yankee, Anuel Aa & Ozuna]
I was on the perreando album (Oh, oh; prr!)
I was on the perreando album (huh, eh; eh, eh, eh)
I was on the perreando album (uah, uah; eh-eh)
I was on the album perreating
[Verse 3: Daddy Yankee & Anuel AA]
(Da-Ddy Yan-Kee!)
You won me
You put me in your game and you damaged me
The weekly ticket may be that I spend it
I think bichote throwing the 'weight' (-so ')
By 'tar ricota I give you kick' and cheese
But we fight, never return and that's why (rrr!)
I want to go pa 'house, but you don't leave me (oh, oh, oh)
That ass and 'a threat, I already believe that ere' my partner (let's go!)
A Shot (EY), two shoot '(EY), the problem began
Because alcohol got into my system (PRR)
Who goes chotear already carries the complaint
Don't make me the blame, talk to her (fire!)

[Verse 4: Karol G]
With you I got tangled (I got tangled)
And with a couple of drinks, baby, I released (I released)
I stayed with you and I didn't answer
I don't know why I failed (Yeh, Yeh)
But I do know how rich I passed it (ah)
Midnight (night) arrived
Apena 'The touch began (touch)
My boyfriend was waiting for me (ah, ah)
Before they were twelve (twelve)
How good the balacor 'last night (-noche)
I know that I failed and forgive me (huh, eh)
And if I see it tomorrow (ah)
I will say that he does not know me

[Verse 5: J Balvin]
J Balvin, Man
I was on the album perreating
When I wrapped myself, yes (wuh, wuh)
My wife was calling me
And I had to give him alete, and (auch)
And I don't let myself wrap (wuh)
Villain, you made me fall
That booty that even a blind can see
And even the most holy wants to be unfaithful (leggo; Yeh, Yeh)

[Saying: j Balvin & Daddy Yankee]
We change the scene (EY)
From R.D. to Cartagena
Ere 'the only one that fills me
If he took you, I pay my sentence, baby
We change the scene
From R.D. Even Cartagena (Come On, Come On)
Ere 'the only one that fills me (leggo)
If he took you, I pay my sentence, Yeh (Fuimo '!)

[Choir: Daddy Yankee, Anuel AA, Ozuna & Karol G]
My wife was calling me
But I didn't answer (uah, baby; go up)
Because I was with you perreating
And from her I forgot (mommy)
My God, forgive me
I don't know why I failed (I failed; uah)
I was on the album perreating
And with her I got tangled
(Woh, oh, oh; fire!; Uah; baby, baby)

[Post-Coro: Anuel AA, Daddy Yankee & Ozuna]
I was on the album perreating (oh, oh; hah, prr!)
I was on the perreando album (huh, eh, eh; uah)
I was on the album perreating
I was on the album perreando14embed