See Bout It Lyrics[Intro: Quavo]
Yeah
Y'all already know how I'm rockin'
(Mustard on the beat, ho)
Here we go, let's go

[Verse 1: Quavo]
Fifty thousand ones, had to order on deliver
Put a bustdown Rollie on her ass, made her shiver (Ice)
Top floor on the top pole, had to tip her (Top)
Get the bag with the Huncho, love the strippers ('Cho)
Fuck it up, bitch, finna feed her all this dick, dick (Su', su', su')
Left cheek, right cheek, damn, lil' mama thick, thick (Thick, bad)
She told her friend she wanna fuck and made her lick, lick (Yeah, woo, smash, woo)
Goddamn, I love that freak shit (Freak, go)
[Chorus: Quavo & Takeoff]
Freak, freak bitch, let mе see 'bout it (Freak)
Is it wet? Skeet, skeet, let mе see 'bout it (Skeet)
Like a coupe, skrrt, skrrt, she got a new body (Skrrt)
Big check, where it's at? Let me see 'bout it (Big)
Poppin' shit up out the city, come and see 'bout it (Poppin')
I got the gang with me, come and see 'bout 'em (Gang)
Niggas say they want smoke 'til we see 'bout it (Smoke)
I took a nigga ho, come and see 'bout me (Takeoff)

[Verse 2: Takeoff]
Fifty bands make a bitch do a handstand (Fifty)
Pop out with that broom like the Sandman (Brrt)
She gon' bust it open for a Birkin bag (Pop it)
I ain't trippin' off no bitches that we all had (Nah)
Pop that pussy for a real nigga (Pop it)
She don't like broke niggas, can't deal with 'em (No)
Might get off in the field with you (Ayy, what she doin'?)
I got the bitch servin' work and holdin' pistols (Baow)
Grab the beater and the pot, scrape the bowl (Skrrt, skrrt)
Shakin' ass, bendin' over, touchin' toes (Hit it)
In the Rolls, she done sucked out my soul (She did that)
Get your money, that's a bad bitch code (Bad)
G6 make a geek bitch a freak bitch (Freak)
All this water on my neck got me seasick (Ice)
You want an iced out AP? That ain't free, bitch (Huh?)
I got money, you know I ain't with that cheap shit (Nah)
You might also like[Chorus: Quavo & Takeoff]
Freak, freak bitch, let me see 'bout it (Freak)
Is it wet? Skeet, skeet, let me see 'bout it (Splash)
Like a coupe, skrrt, skrrt, she got a new body (Skrrt)
Big check, where it's at? Let me see 'bout it (Where?)
Poppin' shit up out the city, come and see 'bout it (Pop it)
I got the gang with me, come and see 'bout 'em (Gang)
Niggas say they want smoke 'til we see 'bout it (Smoke)
I took a nigga ho, come and see 'bout me (Ho)

[Post-Chorus: Quavo & Takeoff]
Come and see 'bout me, nigga, come and see 'bout it (Woo, woo, see 'bout it)
Come and see 'bout me, nigga, come and see 'bout it (See it, come and see 'bout it)
Come and see 'bout me, nigga, come and see 'bout it (Come  see 'bout it)
Come and see 'bout me, nigga, come and see 'bout it (Bitch)

[Verse 3: Quavo]
I'm the man, she'll cum on command (Come on)
Pussy wet, drippin', leakin' out her pants (Splash)
Bad bitch, she done came up from nothin' (Bad)
Make that ass clap, no hands (Go)
Shorty look thick, thick (Thick)
Pop that lil' shit, shit (Pop it)
Ran up a bag, I just came off a big lick (Yeah)
She on the pole and she drop for a split, split (Drop)
But can she do on the dick, dick? (Huh? Go)
[Chorus: Quavo]
Freak, freak bitch, let me see 'bout it (Freak)
Is it wet? Skeet, skeet, let me see 'bout it (Skeet)
Like a coupe, skrrt, skrrt, she got a new body (Skrrt)
Big check, where it's at? Let me see 'bout it (Big)
Poppin' shit up out the city, come and see 'bout it (Poppin')
I got the gang with me, come and see 'bout 'em (Gang)
Niggas say they want smoke 'til we see 'bout it (Smoke)
I took a nigga ho, come and see 'bout me (Get your ho)

[Post-Chorus: Quavo]
Come and see 'bout me, nigga, come and see 'bout it (Woo, woo)
Come and see 'bout me, nigga, come and see 'bout it (See it)
Come and see 'bout me, nigga, come and see 'bout it (Go)
Come and see 'bout me, nigga, come and see 'bout it (Uh)Embed