Hey Mor Lyrics ["Hey Mor" letter ft. Feid]

[Pre-car: Ozuna]
Tell me, what fuck did you do to me?
They are 6 a. m. And I want to fall asleep
But I could not since you left
What did you do to me?

[Chorus: Feid & Ozuna]
Hey, ma, how do I get you from here?
I get to the album and I only think about you
What I did 'I want to forget it
With another, but he doesn't know the same (no)
What am I going to lie to you? (I'm going to lie to you)
I walk with ass', but I think of you
What I did 'I don't want to forget it, I want to repeat it, baby
[Verse 1: feid]
You are lost, what are you going to do today?
I saw you put pa'l gym or for еl vacilón
Baby, you were real, the other plastic
You put еsta liendra to speak romantic (oh)
I think everything 'day'
One does not change a mercede 'for a kia
I know that I screwed up, bad mine
Baby, I don't know what fought ', if you can be making rudeness
County, seen to the sea we woke up that day
We were '' e fifty eight pa 'the beach
But I never thought it was going to be the last day
Baby where these? That I pass through you
I am active with the puppets in the motor, to see if I see you around

[Choir: Ozuna & Feid]
Hey, ma, how do I get you from here? (How do I get you from here?)
If I get to the album and think about you
What I did 'I wanted to erase it
With another chimba, but he doesn't know the same (no)
What am I going to lie to you? (I'm going to lie to you)
If there is no drink 'I only think about you
What I did 'I don't want to forget it, I want to repeat it (sounds), baby

[Verse 2: ozuna]
An ass like yours, any sin (any sin)
You just tell me when you want to put you
That today with the combo, the breaking
Is that, baby, you ere 'the net, but
I just want to decide 'pa' go look (to go looking)
A slow and inside the end
You just have to decide to look for you (to go look)
A slow and inside the end
Hmm, give me lu ', I don't know
Give me water, I'm thirsty
Today I want to invest what I spent (I spent)
With toa 'the substance' are more than the tre '(eh-eh)
You Might Also Like [Pre-Caro: Feid]
Tell me, what whores did you do to me? (Oh no)
They are 6 a. m. And I can't sleep already
But I could not since you left
What did you do to me?

[Chorus: Ozuna]
Hey, ma, how do I get you from here? (How do I get you from here?)
If I get to the album and think about you
What I did 'I wanted to erase it
With another, but he doesn't know the same (no)
What am I going to lie to you? (I'm going to lie to you)
I walk with ass', but I think of you
What I did 'I don't want to forget it, I want to repeat it, baby

[Outro: Feid & Ozuna]
Woh
We were '' e fifty eight pa 'the beach
But I never thought it was going to be the last day
WOHEMBED