Translationshebrewengilethlos Lyrics gods [letter of "the gods"]

[Intro: anuel aa & ozuna]
BRR, AH?
I want to take advantage of this moment, from the background 'e my heart
To say that I apologize ... absolutely with anyone!
We 'somo' the gode '! (Krr, Hanbeon Deo!)
The 'untouchable', did you hear, bastard?
Brr!
WOH-OH (BRR)
Real until death
Woh-Oh, Oh, oh (ah?)
BRR (BRR)
Yeah
The gode '!
[Pre-Caro: Anuel AA, Ozuna & Ñengo Flow]
I don't call me ', that' toy in the bugatti
To'a my whore 'they are Perry like Katy (Yeah; Woh-Oh-Oh-Oh)
Has 'a fault and cobram' the penalty (brr; me, poppy)
In my combo, grati short gift (A?; Genius)

[Chorus: Anuel Aa & Ozuna, both]
In the Bugatti or in the Lambo (in the Lambo)
And'a the tuition, always in the movie
Bastard, you don't 'see' (bastard, you don't 'see')
The speaker and 'ridiculous, bastard, you don't' see '
In the Bugatti or in the Lambo (in the Lambo)
Andomo 'with to'a enrollment, always in the movie
Bastard, you don't 'see' (you don't 'see'; woh-oh, woh-oh)
The speaker and 'ridiculous, bastard, you don't' see '(BRR)
Yeah, huh, eh

[Verse 1: ozuna & anuel aa]
Much 'work to see me di'que go down (ah?; Say down)
I can die four vece 'and I will always be (Amen)
I don't know what happens, I'm still going up
The Bugatti, El Ferra and El Enzo (BRR)
You know, you know, go ', don't be Menso' (BRR)
Eh, what do you want to do?
The gode 'came out, hold the saga (the gode')
The street and 'pa' man '
Tell me who you ere ', not who your corduroy is', eh (haha)
With the Colombia, PR, RD connection (AH?)
I own mine, a billion Flow Dr.
You Might Also Like [verse 2: Anuel AA]
I am a level gave '
Anuel was imprisoned, I am a fuckin 'robbery' (fuckin robbery ')
Money became ill
I don't have a flu, bastard, what I have is to '
Cotto (BRR), Los Toto 'rains (BRR)
I take one hundred thousand for the, when they 'fedele' throw me photo ', brr! (Oh)
My children ', who gave them to me
Because in me I have more power that the governor and that to 'lo' mayor '(haha; ah!)
Lehón, your Christmas came ', and I have the rod
I made the Society 'Illuminati Mirara (Illuminati)
And you ere 'a clown that never paints your face, brr!

[Choir: Ozuna & Anuel AA, both]
From Santurce to Cataño
In the Bugatti or in the Lambo (in the Lambo)
Andomo 'with to'a enrollment, always in the movie
Bastard, you don't 'see' (bastard, you don't 'see')
The speaker and 'ridiculous, bastard, you don't' see '
In the Bugatti or in the Lambo (in the Lambo)
And'a the tuition, always in the movie
Bastard, you don't 'see' (bastard, you don't 'see'; h)
The speaker and 'ridiculous, bastard, you don't' see '(eh, eh)
In the bugatti or in the Lambo

[Verse 3: Ozuna & Anuel AA]
OKEY, Terrorism is Bin Laden style
You have 'Flow, bastard, I have stop'
The babie 'want to drink from my lean, huh
Los Diose ', the King'
The silver here has no end (EH-EH-EH)
Doing business 'already with Carlo' Slim, Yeh
Let yourself see (EH-EH)
I don't have the same to love, ey (one love)
Put me a poster, the horn 'of goat we watched' to turn on, he
Red dress, paper 'house'
You 'to' know my level
Flow John Cena, you can't see me (BRR)
They say that Fulano of such does not have to speak for the paste to his song '(Ah?)
Well, I do, so cover in your mother with to 'and opinion' (BRR)
I didn't even want to sing, I was going to retire
But the moment e 'perfect pa' turns (pa 'turning)
Something controversial was needed
There is a vacuum without me, that is not going to be filled (ah?)
They can stab me from back (BRR)
The 'number' can manipulate (ah?)
But I'm Bookea'o for 'Year', a concert of mine right now or can be bookear (haha)
The money not and 'faithful, I am not Abel
I live in war with Lucifer (BRR)
And if I become imprisoned, the story repeats, to 'the world will be shouting "Free Anuel"
[Chorus: Anuel Aa & Ozuna, both]
From Carolina to Bayamón at Bugatti or Lambo (in the Lambo)
And'a the tuition, always in the movie
Bastard, you don't 'see' (bastard, you don't 'see')
The speaker and 'ridiculous, bastard, you don't' see '(eh-eh)
In the Bugatti or in the Lambo (in the Lambo)
Andomo 'with to'a enrollment, always in the movie
Bastard, you don't 'see' (bastard, you don't 'see')
The speaker and 'ridiculous, bastard, you don't' see '(BRR)

[Outro: Anuel AA]
BRR
Real until death
Ah?
Mera, tell me, ozuna
The gods', did you hear, bastard?
You 'believe that we' human 'somo, hahaha
(BRR, AH?)
The reye 'and the gode' of the trap
(Ah, ah?)
BRR4EMBED