Travesuras (remix) Lyrics [letter of "pranks (remix)" ft. Myke Towers, Wisin & Yandel & Flow La Movie]

[Intro: Ozuna, Wisin & Yandel]
Ladies, Premium gasoline
Tonight is mischievous'
It is Latin, the baby is hard
From the time 'adventure
Portfolio 'are hermès, always walks (paint)
And the one who sees her always gets into (enchula)
You 'Tá Looking, Baby, that I stick (that I stick)
And that ass squeezes (woh-oh)
I feel Ennotao, the three have passed '(the tre' have passed)
And Movie arrived with the .10
[Verse 1: Myke Towers & Yandel]
Young Kingz, Baby
You ere 'naughty
But in my way it goes through you '
I'm going to devour you 'to the head
And I give him strength
Big rear by nature
Another beast I found the weed
Move JIVI as a stripper
Give him, mommy, don't take you away '
I don't 'interest', but don't talk to him if he doesn't have 'ticke'
It does not fail to put a capture and that they are pico
'Tá single and' tá looking to apply it
If you go with another, mommy, I'm not spiteful
You will see me by spending the front as with eight
The note has me watching the Slow Motion album
In the VIP I wanted to give me a Blowjob, hey
Wants me to do without grief, he
If not e 'molasses, she doesn't burn, ah-ah
512 in the system
Pa 'cappotee always puts my chain', ah-ah (Yandel; haha)

[Verse 2: Yandel]
I get tasty, affectionate, I snort you and I enjoy it
Dangerous, nitrous as fast and furious
I gave him a little little little and ate 'the piece (eh-eh)
She wants with Casper, with child and also the bear
Does not hide, the mute is made
There is no doubt (huh), he loves mischief '(eh)
LEGE 'THE WORD, YOU IS' GREAT, IS 'MATURE
Romeo wanted to be holy and wrapped with the adventure (fua, fua, fua, fua, fua, fua, fua)
I have the addictive recipe
Mommy, motivates you
I give it seasoning and you activate you '
Hot blood, of course, she is Latin (eh)
I make you mischief 'in any corner
You Might Also Like [verse 3: Nio García]
Where are the single '?
Raise your hand if it is' good, ah
Listen to the bass how it sounds
Look at that ass how it wigs it
Where are the 'single' women?
Raise your hand if it is' good, ah
Listen to the bass how it sounds
Look at that ass how it wigs it

[Chorus: Nio García & Casper Magic]
And you hit you ', I hit and kissed you
You wanted, I wasn't that I forced you
With the eye 'snathe when you know it'
He tells me that he doesn't recognize me
I was okay, with you, I was a lot in you
Screams more than a bosé
A well bastard note, it's 5:12
But she dawns with me (bug al Callao! Woeeh!)

[Verse 4: Magic casper]
She is very hard, walks without plastic surgery (Wuh)
In the street we kill us ', in bed Tenemo' Chemistry
It is nice, it gets half bicha, well sarcastic (prr)
There is a lot that criticize her because the factory booty and '
[Saying: casper magic & ozuna]
She and 'metallic (metallic), does not use replica (replica)
Listen to reggaeton with Gothic clothes (Gothic)
Goes to aesthetics (UH), it's very rich (ah)
Do not throw Puya 'and however they bite
She and 'metallic (metallic), does not use replica (replica)
Listen to reggaeton with Gothic clothes (Gothic)
Goes to aesthetics (UH), it's very rich (ah)
Do not throw Puya 'and however they bite (Yeah-eh-eh; prr)

[Verse 5: ozuna]
She doesn't take that, she always walks
He does not smoke, he has an escort 'friend'
Not e 'milestone, but bad life does not happen
So cool, makes a vice 'of true' (Yeah)
It is medium exotic, a bichiyal (bichiyal)
When he starts in bed he doesn't want to stop (he doesn't want to stop)
He wants to monopol (he wants to monopol), his friend invite
But I am a Bellaco, you know 'what to kill
As well as pa 'lo' dosmile '(Yeah)
Making history like Pa 'lo' Tiempo '' of the Beatles ('De los Beatles)
Please, there is no one that is measured (measured)
They want to live with the one who has long lived that (OH-OH-OH)
It is medium exotic, a bichiyal (EH)
When he starts in bed he doesn't want to stop (he doesn't want to stop)
Wants to monopol (Yeah-eh-eh-eh), her friend invite
But I am a Bellaco, you know 'what to kill

[Verse 6: Wisin & Yandel]
Yeah (W!)
It passes me border on me (tra!)
The light goes out (huh!)
Who broke the album? I say: "You were you" (tra, tra)
Again (tra, tra, tra) he left on a trip (Yeah)
Hard pa'l floor (tra!), Without camouflage (huh!)
Against the wall (hard!)
And hold on that one gives you hard (A!)
She is a war tank, Manito, I swear (Stop it!)
I pillo in the corner and then I assure her
It gives me green and we kill ourselves in the dark (double!)
Flow, replicate 'the mambo, which came the most powerful (turn!)
I keep breaking and that has you furious (hard!)
If the 'cat' dance on the track, fabulous (what?!)
Tell me, boys, that I am not spiteful

[Bridge: Yandel]
Tell me, what are you going to do
If I own your skin?
If at night I make you crazy
Tell me, what are you going to do?
Tell me, what are you going to do
If I own your skin?
If at night I make you crazy
Tell me, what are you going to do?

[Outro: Nio García & Yandel]
Tonight is Travesura '(OH-EH-OH)
And you will devour you on the dark night (ah)
You 'go looking for my fever
And you will devour you on the dark night3embed