Juggerenaut Lyrics [The lyrics "Juggernaut"]

[Intro: Greyshark & ​​Ghmrage]
Greyshark, what's wrong with you? Did you use something? Consumed? Slobby?
No, ladies and gentlemen, just today we play for the Jagernaut and what's the mood? That's right, improves!
Hi guys. This is me, Jan Jagernaut, is there someone to have an omnislsh?
(Juggernaut!)

[Chorus: Shadowraze]
I take out a katana, my eyes are sharingans
My brothers are Tosva, we killed the whole of Valhalla
I shit only to the clan, I shine - juggernaut
A bunch of frags, everything is not enough for me, all the eyes are flooded with poison
[Verse 1: Shadowraze]
Here New Era, I'm the first, I'm spinning, I fucking, Yurnero
I am a bazaar faster Fera, I twisted all your spheres
I rush, I fucking, my panther cuts right
Yes, I have a fuck there, I'm bursting, I'm a legend, ha ha.
The most important ronin in this dead ghoul of a party
Eyes - sharingan, Itachi is the most important in the brawl
There is a lot of fools in the mask, we twist the blat - this is Blade Fury
All katana in caustic blood, cut the Battle Fury throat
I tame these waves like giy volume
I take out the blade from the scabbard, they were enveloped by anxiety
I rush over the heads and leave traces of blood
I cut all enemies with katana, this world is so harsh, bitch

[Intoleydia]
I am a jag, fucking fucking!
Alya, Raze, where is the Tidhanter? Fuck, fucked up when Jagger?
Jagger, bitch, jagger, fucking fuck, jagger ...

[Verse 2: Shadowraze & Qakasha]
The most important Ronin, my bladeedance is, fucking, ecstasy
We watch movies with a bitch, for you fucking is Fantasy
I am a high player and I have a dick PTS
I'm not black and white, but I'm in the rink, bitch, triple s
The whole team is behind me, we have a bunch of corpses in front of us
I am like a tanjiro kamado, again faster than you thought
I am dead than the same, in me a thousand daggers
I raised my katana while you were looking west
With me Pati Guley, 50k, we, bitch, hive, ha ha.
I laugh in a laughter, omnislash faster than a bullet, vu
You are on my background all chat and unrealistically bad
I was Hilit Vard and I am immortal, fucking, kaneki mod
About this Jagernaut? I like it
You might also like [chorus]
I take out a katana, my eyes are sharingans
My brothers are Tosva, we killed the whole of Valhalla
I shit only to the clan, I shine - juggernaut
A bunch of frags, everything is not enough for me, all the eyes are flooded with poison
I take out a katana, my eyes are sharingans
My brothers are Tosva, we killed the whole of Valhalla
I shit only to the clan, I shine - juggernaut
A bunch of frags, everything is not enough for me, all the eyes are flooded with poison17mbed