TranslationEnglishsoltera (Remix) Lyrics [Lyrics for "Single (Remix)"]

[Enter: Bad Bunny & Daddy Yankee]
Epic
Solo 'the medium, okay?
Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh, EH (SUETINAL)
They told me you just left (huh)
That the dumb fooled you
That you no longer believe in love (no)
That you walk like me (Bad Bunny)
I don't know, but the night is pa ’dechitarno '(hey, hey)
Another Shot Vamo 'A Darno ’(Women, Get Ready, Up)
That I also want to fuck, hesitate (what, what, what?)
Bring your friend ', I'm going to smoke
Give it down, Pata 'down without stopping, Yeh
[Chorus: Lunay, Bad Bunny & Daddy Yankee]
Because 'Tar single is fashionable
That is why she does not fall in love (RRA, RRA)
'Tar single is fashionable
That's why he will not change (she will not change)
Being single is fashionable (what, what, what?)
That's why she doesn't fall in love (tell him; no!)
Being single is fashionable (D-D-D-D-D-D.Y.)
That's why he will not change (Da-Ddy Yan-Kee!)

[Post-Coro: Daddy Yankee]
She 'tá single (wuh, wuh), with her' friend ’revolt’
The album is going and nobody gives it ’(prr)
'Tá single (fire), with her' friend 'revolt ’
The album is going and nobody gives it '(it was', it was '. It was')

[Verse 1: Daddy Yankee]
She hesitate and lives in the joda
No 'tá' a white little girl at the wedding
You can lose with one, whatever, dance it alone (chi-chi-chi)
Batea pa '.500, always boot the ball (how?)
Pon-, put me to the test, let's see, that the weight will fall
The search order, the 'against the wall'
Pa 'to pay for permission (no, wuh!)
If it is single, without obligation (what, what?)
'Tá pa' rumba and make money and I am a bandit
I like you, those who do not believe in feeling 'or February 14 (D-D-D.Y)
You Might Also Like [Pre-Caro: Lunay]
What do you want and fuck, hesitate
Solita pa 'break the album
What what does e 'fuck, hesitate (chi-chi-chi)
Give it down, Pata 'down without stopping

[Chorus: Lunay & Daddy Yankee]
And being single is fashionable
That's why she doesn't fall in love (Ble!)
Being single is fashionable (Yeh)
That's why he will not change (she will not change)
And being single is fashionable
That's why she doesn't fall in love (Blu, Blu)
'Ta-' single is fashionable (up, up)
That's why he won't change

[Verse 2: Bad Bunny & Daddy Yankee]
Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh
He got tired of the 'lies' and his life made an adjustment, EY (PRR)
If you see her on the album with hers ', don't scare you' (no!)
Put for problem, so don't look for it '
And let it fly as Tito (Hu-Hu) said
That ass is small (ah)
The lioness is not put pa 'kitten' (no), hey
And without you, it's nice
Today it feels flirtatious (what, what?)
Always active, never still
To'a Las Moña 'Son Violet'
The heart is diet, he
For no bastard to get into (go up, go up, go up)
He left you in Read another Ve '
You have picha'o to 'the call' and to 'lo' text
Doesn't you understand 'what a long time ago said "Next"?
The baby is doing more ticket than the ex, h (chin'-ching!)
[Verse 3: Lunay & Daddy Yankee]
Ponte-Ponte Pa 'La Vuelta, I'm going Pa'l Party (Lunay, Dile)
If not, we veem ', mommy, in the After Party
Ponte pa'l problem, go, let yourself see
What started here ', kill it' in the motel (fire)
You are loose out there, I am loose here
Make you wiki-wiki, as Yaviah says
He released his heart, he took the cursa for a walk '
(He has a harmful mind ')

[Pre-Caro: Bad Bunny, Daddy Yankee & Both]
(Yeh, Yeh)
What what does e 'fuck, hesitate (hesitate wuh!)
Solita pa 'break the album
What what does e 'fuck, hesitate (wi-wi)
Give it down, Pata 'down without stop (BRR)

[Choir: Bad Bunny, Lunay & Daddy Yankee]
What single is fashionable
Do what you want and fuck
Being single is fashionable
She is not going to go down (she will not change)
Being single is fashionable
That is why she does not fall in love (rra-rra)
'Tar single is fashionable (yes)
That is why he is not going to cam-chart (it was')

[Post-Coro: Daddy Yankee]
She 'tá single (wuh-wuh), with her' friend 'revolt' (d-d-d)
Revuelta ', Revuelta', Revuelta '(RRR)
She 'tá single (fire!), With her' friend 'revu'
The album is going and nobody gives it (it was'!)

[Outro: Bad Bunny, Daddy Yankee & Lunay]
Bad Bunny, Baby, Baby-Bé
Sign
Lunay, D. and
Chris Jeday
Gaby Music
Tell me, child
D.Y., Ay-Ay
Tell me, Pina
Tell me, Lunay, Ay-Ay
This is the clear of who is 'the best of everything' time (D.Y.), boss
Sweet as Candy
Lu-Lu-Lunay
(Tell me, censi) 3embed