07/07/16: Edik_kingsta vs. Sonya Marmeladova Lyrics [Round 1 (Part 1): Sonya Marmeladova]
There is no Graim in you, bro, you are shitty
Your Floo is a slingshot, mine is a crossbow
Each of your verse is past bpm
Here is not your format, like CD-R
It went out of fashion like SneakerHead
LSD, hairdryer is a wild BED
Here Grime Clash, bitch, where is my cache?
For fucking this bitch of teeth between!
Sonya is a doctor death, life on Kon!
You thought you were doing shit when you founting into the microphone?
I like the old Smokey, and you are Assai under the screw
With your astral karate fuck your old reception!
One and the same Floo. No, not lactose
On your lips, like in the urethra of a splinter
You are in hip-hop-like coffee cream
And the end of the end, like the sperm Tochal!
The bottom of Club, you founting for Grime, but you are weak with the bottom
Broadcasting from the knees - your niche, slave
My yogurt is on my face, Edik is a red -haired ap!
On the dick of a small sucker
You sweat, like over the chick above the text. Penalue?
Here dester Morgan is like Willy Wonka
They killed a wolf here, woke a volcano
Me!
This Floo is a bomb!
Here Mortal Kombat, your joystick is broken
And who is here in the tops and tears Vinratic?
This is Marmeladova Sonya Blade!
[Round 1 (Part 1): Edik_kingsta]
Sonya Marmeladova fucked on Hatta
Quiet! Fuck with dick, bastard
Well, not a bazaar about Roma
Otherwise, we’ll smash you instantly fucked
People like you are not reading
And these bitches call this to Grimei
I was re -read by my internal i1
Sonya Marmeladova - Dirty creature
A shocked spleen came out of your mother
Instead of me did you want to see Redo here?
Well, don't start!
Don't start, I will finish faster
People like me put an end to you
Yes, I'm not Dima Golovin, not a saint
But, still I fucked your daughter
I have never done my legs
They told me: "There is no truth in them!"
I will read my desk, for a dick I need my party card?
Nothing will come of you, you're not a booker
Here you will remain a pale spot
Even go all your life on the subway
Not as embarrassing as not to strike with redo

[Round 1 (Part 2): Sonya Marmeladova]
This is a baroque and number for nominal
You should have a Caver to sing on Na-on. I am naginal
Your arrogant crime, I screamed sides for you
So that you remember - your mouth is a nominee on a bolt
How Neymar was drinking. Webinar
How to do for centuries, do not stupid like Winamp
Heretic as an abeller, a capillary will burst in you
You will die, this bar is like a woman Yar
And I am like a snake, my poison is a rhyme, hype and Yamba
You are glad Bukkaka, well, a slave, a slave!
Fuck Narika, I am Valery Grime-Germanic
You are Valeria - Fuck Squire
Evil troll. I am Francis Bacon
My new organ is crumbling Grime Babylon
You sat in the subway and this is a blue carriage
I'm Sonya Abaddon, your lines are not about that
You won’t even jump onto the throne with a pole
No, it's not that Newton has given up
Just cannibalism - to feed you shit
The same nihilist as a year ago
I will destroy the entire rap in this temple - Herostratus
One against all, but inside is not a beast
This is the middle finger up ...
(Yes fucking, next round.)
You Might Also Like [Round 1 (Part 2): Edik_kingsta]
I love Grime, how Miki loves pizza
I'm talking about a turtle, hear you are a dumbass
Laughed at Hatt, but your life is what he dreams of
My chariot is cut through the streets of the city
A new thought will stick to my head
I wrote that you are a sucker
And now I get a puppier for a young man
Furious purulent, our battles with you is not star wars
You stole your Floo with someone, but I heard, the thief is not caught
Do not steal a crook, otherwise here you will get cunts in a moment
I didn't want to touch your stupid dreams here
But I do Cooney better than you
Better than you, better than he
Better than everything, I'm better in everything
I will reread you in short, hear me, you are a fucking goat
This is a war, and hell will you give an ax
Somehow before going to bed I decided to count the sheep
I still consider them

[Round 2 (Part 1): Sonya Marmeladova]
Kingsta, your dick is your kingston crew
Winston Churchill? Yes, you are Winston Blue!
Via Belarusa - Your Flaw Tusa
Are you Deadpool? Yes, you are a biomory!
Kingst - a genius? Ideological loser:
Grime's cockroach, but for the gram does not know
He is a balabolit in Mike, which is firing from Uzi
But right now, right now: "Give a smoothie!"
Listen, fagot, inadvertently humor
Discharges you monocle this fucking decoy
Babylon gives you a funeral wreath
You are one of the TOP-16, I am one for a million!
This is Sonya here!
Pow Pau Pau-this homic
You are not my friend, because you are a rat, Brut
I killed the leprekon, and Lut fell out!
Ah! Where is my life experience?
Battle with its red anal cyclop
I drive a spear - screams are heard in the hall:
"Glory, tell me, this Kingsta will not burst?!"
Not! Kiss you in the lobby
Whore, like a lover, because Kingst is a deceased
You started to engage like a sleepy gun
But you are not a baiter-repeat-fucker!
[Round 2 (Part 1): Edik_kingsta]
You are not a rud-be-be, if you lose, you are a fight here
Create the impression of a smart brow, but still you are some dumb
To create an impression is everything you can. This is sloppy
Try to suck me with dignity at least once in this life
Head is a gun, my symptom is a wordblood
I will not make fit with Redo, but I'm sure that fame will be
Russian rap entered into, earlier in any way it was easier for us
I will pierce your bitch with a screwdriver, now my favorite ketchup flows from them
The head on the shelves will put all the knowledge, and add a drop of doubt to the truth
On the dick all these 140 BMPs, I will read under the earthquake
This will happen: suddenly I will become a slave, brother, it does not matter
All these 140 BMPs, I will read to you under the blows of the whip

[Round 2 (Part 2): Sonya Marmeladova]
I will draw a lips on the lips!
I have no Floo, because not London, fucking!
"Grime - Huynya," Kiosk's homeless person told me
I recognized Redo in him - the same cloak, cigarette!
I am like a blood clot: I will kill your parents to drink wine at the wake
Yes, I am still a freebie: I killed Grime like a genre to drink on Redo's commemoration!
You did not understand this scheme, nosy like "him"
You love spice and memes, I met your mother, penetrated the cave
I am a cave man - I am this skin in size!
I am Shura Balaganov - swear like cords
I will call you a taxi - a cataphal for glamors. "Wow"
Maxim's machine gun, and you are fucking and crazy
But under the bit you will break you Antikil Kasim
In life, a cashier, in tracks tough "Ronin"
Bloody grin, you chew tampons!
NASCAR rally, but you are unlikely to overtake me, homic
Your woman groans, because like a pit stop my little fingers
I changed the rubber and poured her full tank!
This is my Medina, Dino 47 - Your Batec
Do not rush in words, but rush to the flow! Sucker!

[Round 2 (Part 2): Edik_kingsta]
Sonya Marmeladova, suck my dick
You hear, just suck my dick
I'm not fag, but suck my dick
You are dumb bitch, suck my dick
You write fucker rap, fame, but call it "Fashionable Grime"
From your rappa Tupak rolled over in the coffin, as if he were a game
Dead Tupac, torn a puke
Porno-Kulak-here he is a life hack
Just some rhymes without meaning-here he is and all your cool hip-hap
Sonya, Sonya, Sonya, on your name it is easy to experience an orgasm
Sonya, Sonya, Sonya, every morning I get you out of my eyes
I am a ghost of concrete boxes of the Grand Prix
Like Bona on the wire, you came to remove me without a microphone
But what can I tell me? Just try
Trying is not torture, pile the bit in high
You put on the bit, fall off the done
Speak to the beat, instantly, fucking, bring down
You are bardy - this is visible so

[Round 3 (Part 1): Sonya Marmeladova]
Sonya Marmeladova - Fuck this Shit
This is a disse for those who squeak on us
We raise on the shield of those who are not in the bit
Valits out of place or Baitit Madlib
Young Lin, Vanklik, you are not mytee dee
PIPE is clogged, DMT, #SLOVOSPB - not Kotd smoke
But we are turning the game - double -sided DVD
Pele on bits - I love finit
Not Tokyo drift, but I like to twist!
Each splif is like an elevator to heaven to the gods
If there is a respect, I will sell it
Sonya, like Gabe: promises Mixtape, but again Mistake
Each desk is like a bif, a float frying a steak
If rap is a game, I have the largest stack!
Incredible Game, where Sonya sucks, but only like Bloodrayne
On Slovo "Vasyok" is your Street Name
Below than BPM, in tracks only Bloodrayne

[Round 3 (Part 1): Edik_kingsta]
In childhood, a priest fucked you
I also have an injury, God fucked me and He is not bad
Do not like people, why should I love you? After all, you are not a booze
You are not drugs, you are not food, 80 percent water
Cool, because I could drink from something else
Yes, I do not believe in shit, I only believe in what I can
It is cool to heal under the bit about the fact that I don't believe in something
Profess in a second all the treasures of the world
Only for this I would become rich
Say what you do - do what they say
Screams, gyrus, brawl brains
All people around smelled with socks
Our dream has not been upset before
But the weather all attracts us as well
"Happiness is not in money," they said [?], Who do not have them
"The main thing is not a victory, but participation," says Loch, who has never won the victory

[Round 3 (Part 2): Sonya Marmeladova]
Control shot - New VSYER
On the elbow in the game, like a deep fisting
My vodnik is in a bucket, and you crush Rining
I serve Satan, medieval mystic
So the cross in the ass, the cross is bursting
Sow like a plebeian in Rome Vestat Hot
I am God, like Ares, and you finally die
I, like Veles, your Floo is moving
My Floo is Killer, Floor Killing
You live like a beast, yes, you, brother, kinik
I took a picture of a cumshot - this is a photo finish
"Azohen Wei" you don't know Yiddish
Rap hobby - Kroprofetish
New School as a NEP, London's lips wiped
Передерну затвор с криком "Мой ниггер!"
I will designate the target - this is an evil Peter, ah!
Big Kiker, Blackstar Bearding, Like Lost Vikings
Go Home, Hippie, you are a Twitti bird
Your cats in the game? Hello Kitty! BUT!
Your chick is sticker, sticks to me like flies to the tape
You are a fucking hater, in my worst track there is more rhymes and a flow than in your mixtape!
And we love money, mutate money
We love goals, we will buy a rating
I sold the underground - bought a military man
Burn me, but I’ll be resurrected like Grundik, Oh Fuck Its!
Like Bivis and Batthead, we will smash, hey, Pithecanthropus!
Andy Cartwright? I am Randy Orton, and as Prometheus I will give you Grime!
I will give Grime! I will give Grime!
I will give Grime! I will give Grime! I will give Graim Negratt

[Round 3 (Part 2): Edik_kingsta]
Upholstery melts, screen refinement
Arrows spilled, half -empty bottles and half -empty girls spilled everywhere
Legs stick to the sticky floor, it is strange to realize it without gravity
And even God becomes clear - this dude can have fun
This dude, in the sense of it, is me, yes, I can - I noticed correctly
They say to me: "self -realize", leave it to the children
Let all things wait for a short time
I'm just falling on without feelings here
My life is a complete rally
And with this rabbit I am flying somewhere
I look at ordinary people, everything is fine with them, it seems like
You seem to miss something, you lack drugs
Hey director, add for the drama of the rain, otherwise the film
I proudly declare: I am fucked up, and fucked up full
PAU Pau-Pau-Pau-Pau18Embed