TranslationPortuguêsitalianoEnglishtusa Lyrics ["Tusa" letter]

[Intro: Karol G & Nicki Minaj, Ovy On The Drums]
What's about you? Tell me
RRR!
O-O-Ovy on The Drums! (Hmm)

[Verse 1: karol g]
It no longer has an excuse (no, no)
Today he went out with her friend said to kill the tusa (ah; tusa)
Because a man paid him bad (ah)
It is hard and abuse (EH)
He got tired of being good
Now it is she who uses them (HMM-MM)
Because a man paid him bad (bad)
He is no longer sentimental (-Tal)
He says that for another man he does not cry, no (he cries)
[Chorus: Karol G]
But if they put the song (HMM)
It gives you silly depression
Crying starts calling
But he left her in mailbox (-zón)
Will it be because with another is (with another is)
Pretending that can be loved?

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
But I did all this cry for nothing
Now I'm a bad girl
And now you kickin 'and screamin', Big Toddler
Don's Try To Get Your Friends to eat Holla, Holla (Holla)
Ayo (Kyuh!), I used to lie Low (uh-juh)
I WASN'T IN THE CLUBS, I WAS ON MY J.O. (Oop!)
Until i realized you to Epic Fail, I
So Don't Tell Your Guys That i'm Still Your Bae, I (Ah!)
'Cause It's a New Day, i'm in a New Place (UH-HUH)
Gettin 'Sub New D, Sittin' On A New Face (Okay)
'Cause i knows the Baddest Bitch that you Ever Really Met (Oop!)
You Searchin 'for a Badder Bitch, and you ain't Met Her Yet (Oop!)
Tutor! Tell 'em to back off, he wanna slack off
Ain't no More Booty Calls, You Gotta Jack Off
It's and karol g, we let havem racks talk
Don't Run Up On Us, 'Cause They Lettin' The Makks Off (RRR!)
You Might Also Like [Choir: Karol G]
But if they put the song (HMM)
It gives you silly depression (silly)
Crying starts calling
But he left her in mailbox (no)
Will it be because with another is (with another is)
Pretending that can be loved?
Eh, ah

[Verse 3: Karol G]
Un-a shot for the deep penalty (a shoot, huh)
And continued, spending the case (the case)
Another shot for the mind (Yeah, Yeah)
So that the memory does not carefully (ah; oh)
I no longer copy anything (na ')
Your ex is no longer worth (nothing)
The album leaves and just wants to bore (pierre)
But it is confused when it starts drinking (take)

[Pre-car: Karol G]
She heals with rumba (ah)
And love for the tomb (Yeah)
To 'the man' buzz him (they buzz)

[Chorus: Karol G]
But if they put the song (OH)
It gives you silly depression (silly)
Crying starts calling
But he left her in mailbox (OH)
Will it be because with another is (with another is)
Pretending that can be loved?
[Outro: Karol G & Nicki Minaj, Ovy On The Drums]
Hey, Karol G (Ajá; Karol G)
Nicki Minaj (Ah, Ajá), Hey
"The Queen" With "The Queen" (Ajá, hahaha)
O-O-Ovy On The Drums
Ay! 61embed