Lyrics gargoyles [letter of "the gargoyles" ft. Archangel, Brray & Darell]

[Intro: Brray, Darell]
Las Gargola '(hahahaha, haha)
On the night 'Salimo'
For the day to have the pocket full
Sheesh

[Verse 1: brray]
Héctor Lavoe, but with seven puchi (ey)
It does not look 'more' that I don't even wear Gucci (Nah)
Much 'they get caviar, but cheap like sushi (hahaha)
Double as cavalucci
A microphone pa 'that' haater 'mamen
And another pa 'to me to love me (Sha)
If they see me pass, in the contest
I am looking for a girlfriend (Yeah), with the big ones' in the take and give me
And night gargola, Gargolo de Día (EY)
Do not make the crazy ', that you knew (how?)
I go crazy with the pamca on it '(ah)
And the garments are not liable for jewelry, they are mine, boy (pa 'who knows'))
They are afraid, you see
The Movie No E 'of TV
I have combo too, what what?
Calmly, do the 'thing' well (hahahaha)
The 'ticket' are not green ', they are tile', to 'of one hundred (Motherfucker)
[Verse 2: Darell & Archangel]
They are three hundred and whenever I leave (hah, hah)
I don't snack much, you know 'how much I am worth
Speak, Gargo (that's it)
I live waiting for something to happen (to know)
They are going to take a shot that is provided, Flow Wells Fargo (WOH)
Do not tell me about kilo ', that mine arrives in Fardo' (Oh, My God)
Do not tell me about account ', that mine to' 'tá balance (what the fuck?)
I come from the street and my word support (Stop that shit)
You snore 'today, tomorrow dies' in La Baldo (Here we go)
They did not do na 'when they saw me and in front they had
I am a man and humility 'confuse her (Oh, my God)
My respect e 'for life to what they fell (pa' that knows)
And pa 'to' what I prison 'that they silent their time (hah, hah)
I am the terror as Otto, he is afraid, I notice it (that is like that)
Of .40 and R-15 are the 'broken' (ra-ta-ta-ta!)
Boot and I hit you (auh)
I don't have to try, are you 'crazy? (Auh!)

[Verse 3: Archangel]
Ark again, to close the sequel (yup)
The one who spends the years here cancels him (je, uh)
Student pair 'Graduates of my school (OKEY)
Contagious flow, Austin chickenpox (PRRA)
I have a generation I inspired (Yes, Sir)
With a pair of verse 'to a pair of crazy' withdrew (Yes, Sir)
Rookie 'crazy' because I threw them
A decade 'of trajectory, more na' I threw them (Oh!)
And generates a couple of millions like Popstar (Star)
MY OPINION 'SON VIRALE', shout "World Star"
For some I am the bad one, for others the star
If this genre is Space Jam, because I am the monstar (Raw!)
Thank God for what I have had (Yeah)
For being the inspiration of my enemies, ha
Very good, colleagues, have entertained me (yes)
What will be of the genre the day I announce my retirement?
(This shit is over, Auh!)
You Might Also Like [verse 4: Mora]
Hey Hey hey
I get bored and always get rid of
A new flow, for where to recycle
Always apart with them ', I'm half antisocial
And you Ere 'Feka, says your history
Without having to snore they are stung alone '
And that they don't even know what I have written Callaíto '
The favorite artist of your favorite
The check 'arriving, and not the deposit (ey)
And it is what I wear, I bastard me
And to 'what I smoke comes to the mailbox
Every time that Fuego feels the pressure
And that I haven't even given the button, no
But, quietly lets him do it
I have a pair of missiles 'mortea'o below' of the manga
To 'this' movie ', I already' di band
Now e 'Louis V from the foot' to the scarf

[Interlude: luar the l]
What? Hehe (hehe)
Tre 'lyrics', the l
Mere, tell me, Gargo (G4, bastard)
This and 'the last chapter and
Lo Vamo 'to close `` (this' know)
We 'always hemo' had the last word (mere, tell me, yanyo)
Gargola 'for Life, Real G4 Life, Hijueputa (Symphonic)
Go up up
What?
[Verse 5: Luar the L]
Mention in the Rafagazo (BRR)
You 'throw indirectly', I send you direct and now ignore
Before 'that you kill me', on the track I look for a case
And to torture you run to the arm (what?)
The gargoyle 'and I don't see Águila' (no)
And if I place you, son 'e whore, I break the cadillac (plo)
Total, they see me straight and gives them pale (you know ')
I have an obsession with this 'whore'
Like the servant to Yiye Ávila (what?)
Llama, student, and taught you to rappel (one)
Bastard, have you heard the material? (You know')
Of the more 'that sings on the subject, in the partie' and in digital (tre 'lyrics)
I went through the toll, and what was it? I didn't want to pay (Feka)
Because mine to 'e' organic (ha)
Rapper 'Feka, don't panic (no)
Take me between to ', that I see them' invalid '(throw)
If I lack 'respect and get you, I tell it valid (what happened, bastard?)
I chipped and already accelerates you 'fast, prr! (Fast 'accelerates you, prr!)

[Outro: Luar la L, Darell, Brray & Archangel]
Tre 'lyrics', the l
The G4, bastard
Mere, tell me, symphonic
Yanyo, hehe
What happened, bastard?
Tell me, brray
Álex Gargola '
Hey, with this cerram 'lo' chapter ', did you hear?
The G4, bastard
And this does not 'pa' no one, this e 'for personal use
For that they mount in that 'car' with the 'stick' and break the can to what is
Are you 'understanding what I am' wanting to say?
I'M Here With The People That Control the Streets in Pr, Motherfucker
I tell you in Spanish in case you did not understand it, I sing 'and gross
With those who control the street in Puerto Rico, Motherfucker, son of a bitch
BRray
Haha
The true 'Children's, bastard
Álex Gargola '
White lion
Hits Master Music
The true turn, the G4
Are you 'understanding what I am' wanting to say? (OKEY)
Austin, Baby
LOL
The Marash
Archangel, pa '
Ha
Forever gargolas
Lord Alexander Gargolas
Yes, we are the favorites
Night
EHXX "The Professor"
It's The Flow Factory, Capisci?
Mere, haha, capisci?
And remember
They are a lot 'the singer, but little' the star '
Hahaha1embed