Buster Flows Lyricsvi Buster Flows and Rocker Shows and
Clocker Doe and Fucker Ho's
And Fucker Ho's and Clocker Doe
And rocking shows and buster flows

You know i have sexy ho's because i mighty go 'to check' micro's
Cold as an Eskimo and sharp enough to share each one a boy in 2
Even mushrooms from Mexico, Hash Psychos', Delirium Tremens
Plus my slut with the pre-mens 'ku' not 'ta' focus from Clemens

I am a master of rhyme shooting - Personal degradation
My name gi'r it "to go to Telling" a whole new meaning
C to that s - 7 letters - it's not can -i -bus
One does not ask for law when you are a boss
MCS is cute as Candyfloss, so what 'losing?
I heard that a toss' there should be a fan of us curses us
Should I send him to Thanatos? Who will see this Daner fight?
I'm fiercely - my breath blows through your windproof '
Swirl like a cheek horse - I am grim equals the incest
A solo mc with greater impact than a quintet
- My album is so well connected that it doesn't need index
So fine details that you can't nail them with a tweezers

Rapdictator - do the shit my way like Sinatra
A thinking person who makes you look like primates
Rolls with ego's so large that our posters fill scaffolding
- 5 floors - so we quases amateurs with earlitage - AHH !!

I should write my memoirs as pornstar - Wednesday night on a lukewarm
So stop the gangstas sludge, fool - for you get set - yo, you're out of here ...!
Hustler-Wannabees…. (We) have kept it real since we chilled 'with
Eazy and the other G's in Los Angeles
So where did you slip off the track with your weary hardness?
Yesterday down like a gay when J.J. he fuckin 'beats down
As Henry Rollins on Tom Collins or Psycho Dengsen
My style stands through millennia - Like the Sphinx
Devoid of trivia but more corrupt than Bolivia
It just what 'we are when we roll the country around in a previa
And trampling through your city as Godzilla
I tremendous, that is why you hate this stewer man
There is so bursting with confidence that most people saw me hanging for it
Has been rapping for 10 years but it is only now that we get money for it
So this dog bites off if you press
Rocking everything from house to mattresses, and tearing in your nose like a scratch
Have served my military service in the underground
Then fuck them with brain failure that opens the mouth
And Disses us - I clear the scene like a fuckin 'softened
With a highly gifted rhyme that causes MC's to disappear equal to drops in the ocean
You Might Also Likjeg is addicted to RIM - you never see me in a clean version
It's my passion - I've dedicated my person
To free my and your nation for the past 20 years of riminflation
- Amateur invasion

The scene is filled with more bad deals than a coupon catalog
People think they can get rid of representing Dannebro easily
So i have hooked up with talented people like Ronni A. and Hanne O
Rocking everything from acoustic instruments, high technology and analog - we fucking go'e

Mc's they think, "If it goes, then it goes" but
It me and clemme nuggi that sets the agenda
We trendsetters - so will you test us?
Yo, if we jumped 'out of the Round Tower, the whole gang would follow us !!
It's clamp-lugi and jok-ski-luv
Empties mc's corpse quickly as a fuckin 'court
Or Tuborg - has written more rhymes than the rest of the country's groups
We are troopers - superstars in all clubs
Troopers - superstars on all pubs
Fuck de Wacke Tracks Your Producer Looper
Your lyric is less than usable, for you are swans like snoop dogg
A fuckin 'trans like rupaul - childish as bubber
Company pays my structure while your still recouper
And you can times with 1,000, Ho! Embed