TranslationEnglishBidido Lyrics [Bandido "]

[Enter: Myke Towers]
She and 'good, but she likes the' bad '(bad')
If I'm sincere, I pull her (she jalo)
He threw me telling me that they left her (they left her)
It is another than with his heart, hey

[Chorus: Juhn]
What bandit did he do? Tell me why he cries (cries)
Tell me to give it a floor and bury it now (now)
That I can defend you if you collaborate (-Bora)
I'm going to let that man know that he is no longer alone (Wuh!)
What bandit did he do? Tell me why cry (tell me why you cry)
Tell me to give it a floor and bury it now (now)
That I can defend you if you collaborate (Sirili, WOH-OH-OH-OH-OH)
I'm going to let that man know that he is no longer alone (Wuh!)
[Verse 1: Myke Towers]
My love, let me know if it bothers you
Pa 'burst it and know that you are not alone
I speak to you clearly, I do not bree with gun '
But I have respect for how they control
You Ere 'beautiful, mommy, tell me why he cries'
My lady would make you
She doesn't care on a cruise as a Yola
Condone 'color', childbirth to crayola
Women 'as you want and long for them (he longs for)
Tell him that you have 'Vaqueo
If you put 'the booty in reverse
I turn on the camera as when parking
Likes the Maleanteo
He says they are looking for her because she kills the league, I believe it

[Chorus: Myke Towers & Juhn]
What bandit did he do? Tell me why cry (baby, why do you cry?, Ey)
Tell me pa 'give him a floor and bury him now (pa' put him now, haha)
That I can defend you if you collaborate (if you collaborate)
I'm going to let that man know that he is no longer alone (Juhn "The All Star", Baby), tell me

[Verse 2: juhn]
And that bandit what did it do? (Oh oh)
Confesses to give it a floor (floor)
I don't want to see you crying, that does not hurt you
Baby, I guarantee it (Wuh!)
Is that her and mine and 'a romance in secret
Calla'o, well discreet, I kiss her and the squeeze (oh)
I take it to the world and spend the full ticket
(For her I revive any subject)
She likes the bad, good, expensive
Titerona, does not scare if he listens to a shot
The body and 'beautiful, the eyes are clear'
It was my queen, now and 'my goddess, she didn't even compare her
You Might Also Like [Bridge: Juhn & Myke Towers]
What a laziness
See her sad with such beauty
Who damaged a heart with great purity
You don't know how to treat with delicacy (-Deza)
Princess, he doesn't interest him
If I am the one who touches you and kisses you
When I saw her I said: "I want with that"
Since that time do not leave my head

[Choir: Juhn & Myke Towers]
What bandit did he do? Tell me why cry (baby, why do you cry?, Ey)
Tell me pa 'give him a floor and bury him now (pa' put him now, haha)
That I can defend you if you collaborate (if you collaborate; Sirili-Woh-Oh-Oh-Oh-Oh)
I'm going to let that man know that he is no longer alone (alone)

[Outro: Juhn & Myke Towers]
What bandit did he do? (Oh)
What he did?
Juhn tell me "The All Star, Baby"
This e 'juhn
Myke Towers, Baby (EH-EH-EH)
"The All Star"
Juhn "The All Star"
Myke Towers
Santana The Golden Boy
This is a unique combination in its class, baby, haha ​​(oh)
(What bandit did it do?)
The stars always walk together
(What he did?)
The White House in Society with the Golden
One World (One World) 3embed