The Lyrics occasion [letter of "the occasion" ft. Archangel, Anuel Aa & Ozuna]

[Enter: Archangel]
WO-OH, OH-OHH
(Together in the room)

[Saying: from the Ghetto & Archangel]
I don't know why (I don't know why)
He does not want to give you the opportunity (ey; oh, no)
You make me motivate me (baby)
And you provoke me without need (UH)
When we are alone '(You know it')
You look at me and cause me (aha)
You let me touch your skin
While kissing your mouth (too much)
[Chorus: Ozuna]
I want the occasion to be repeated
I want you to repeat 'your movement' (movement ')
Baby, what if we stop the time
And bregamo 'with the situation?
I want the occasion to be repeated
I want your movement to be repeated '(Movement')
Baby, what if we stop the time (paramo 'time)
And we better have sex? Oh oh oh oh

[Verse 1: Archangel]
(AH-HMM, EH-YO '; UH!)
I know that you are aware of what they have told me (hey)
You like the 'woman' (aha), but you love the bug (wow)
I am clear about what they have told you (ey)
That I have it great and how rich chicho (okay)
And give it, get it
Only by whip sométele, motivate
Hold it with your hand and you will see that it is something healthy
Give him ahead and pa 'attaches' and get on the stick
Come, lúcete, ey (auh!)
Do not make me waste my time
Give him, come, I feel happy (Yeah)
This bug looks like cement (ouh-oh; auh!)
I know that you like it when we do love (All Right)
And we turn on flames, together in the room (the marrash)
WO-OH, OH-OHH
(Together in the room; Ajá)
WO-OH, OH-OH, OH-OH-AUH
(Archangel, Pa ', PRRA)
You Might Also Like [Choir: Ozuna]
I want the occasion to be repeated
I want you to repeat your movement '(Movement')
Baby, what if we stop the time (time)
And bregamo 'with the situation?
I want the occasion to be repeated
I want your movement to be repeated '(Movement')
Baby, what if we stop the time (paramo 'time)
And we better have sex? Oh oh oh oh

[Verse 2: Anuel AA]
Daughter 'and lucifer, inside you hide it
Real g4 life tatua'o in my skin (in my skin)
Smoking puree (uah), fucking with one hundred kilo 'at the hotel (at the hotel)
I will eat it, this bug will possess you (real until death, he heard, bastard?)
My soldiers die for me; 20 thousand in my neck, this bug is money and power (power)
'Toy Empercocia'o, I put it in my mouth and then I'm going to put it in (put)
I have all 'the Jordan; Baby, my gun E 'una .23 (Brr!; a .23)
I put the infrared because I have to'as full of blood the bred (the bred)
I am a demon inside 'e your body, you are going' to come to you '(another ve')
I exploded the trachea and I later 'do' the bastard 69 to the Revé '(Al Revé')
They want to kill me, but she fucks me for 'Atrá' and takes away my de
For Party I charged a thousand, I later charged two thousand, but now I'm charging tre '(haha!)

[Verse 3: from the ghetto]
Doing it with you
Very rich, I'm entering it slowly (A-ALL Day)
He shouts "Geezy, harder" (you know ') and I am a beautiful (okay)
The all of cream and that ass is' esbarate (ah)
Half loss of sour, smoking on pearl and towers
I have the direct route, the kilos of Powder come home
My jeva told her friend that I am a little and that a very rich chingo
Now you spend in Snapchat by sending me photos of the ass and the Crico
Oh, more ', you say', with me you want to look (Yeah)
Do bad things' and a demon convert
I above, you down; I below, you up (ey, yeah)
You on the night to give you fever
[Choir: Ozuna & de la Ghetto, both]
I want the occasion to be repeated
I want you to repeat 'your movement' (uoh, oh-oh)
Baby, what if we stop the time
And bregamo 'with the situation? (OH-OH, OAH)
I want the occasion to be repeated
I want your movement to be repeated '(Movement')
Baby, what if we stop the time (oh!; Paramo 'time)
And we better have sex? Oh oh oh oh

[Saying: from the ghetto]
I don't know why he doesn't want to give you the opportunity (Oh, no)
You make me motivate and provoke me without need
When we are alone ', you look at me and cause me
You let me touch your skin while kissing your mouth

[Outro: Archangel, Ozuna, from the Ghetto & Anuel AA]
Ah, ah, ah, ah-hmm
Austin "La Marrash"
Archangel, pa '
Ozuna, Baby (Ozuna)
From the Geezy, Homie (De La Geezy, Baby)
Anuel (OH)
Dí-, say it, Luian
Mambo Kingz
Mambo Kingz
Trap Kingz
From the Geezy, Homie (haha)
Auh!
The creator of this pendejá '
I vo'a shit in the mother 'the devil
I'm with mine '
I reye 'with the gods', did you hear, baby?
Very hard
We 'this' on top' and the Illuminati pyramid
BF
Look, tell me, spiff (Dimello VI)
Real until death
MMG Coke Boy8embed