Pluto Lyrics [Lyrics for "Pluto"]

[Login]
Ya, no brother
Damn alarm: Enough, close your jaw!
Ihh! Wake up Pluto
What?

[Verse 1]
The day was a month, good morning, wash the sun on your face!
The suspect filtered moon "what happened last night", what difference does it make?
Duzine shot! Music
Beautiful cap; look at the order
The person to enter twenty -seven
Every white falling into your hair in proving this
The reason for unnecessary agitation is curious about power
Supreme thing love get up to access this power!
Women come and pass the bottom side of the breeding
Super ego is always that time to derive
He will upset, upset, do his part
Problemo, nemo problemo
Beautiful lines put in a beautiful face museum
It is such a woman that it will be like me
Being up for a woman will upset
But is it still this superficiality
Separating him from his shadow
Reflecting in your eyes to take shelter in your heart
I would like to be sober in this world
Is there anyone with me everywhere?
In a house where I feel stranger
Anywhere
Maybe a ceiling, maybe in the cellar
Maybe you will find me if you wish
I would say you are not, I would say not myself too
I would have a problem with the opposite of the wings.
Why do I always sink into shit as that wing flapping?
For whatever reason, fashion is to tackle me
If it holds, chemistry, if it's okay, pheromones
If the harmony of the skin is playing the spirit, the phones
Fortunately, if you experience this crisis, don't be a target
This is: one of you starts hegomony
[Chorus]
Behind the giant planets
The shining universe is cheeky from the suburbs
Pluto is aware of the doner axis
This is a game actually
(Pluto) Behind the giant planets
The shining universe is cheeky from the suburbs
Pluto is aware of the doner axis
This is a game actually

[Verse 2]
Nâfile if you were washed to the wine rivers
Nâfile if he plastered with poetry verses
If the angels play the harp, he said nâfile
Ultimately a dominant prostitute (he, he!)
I Signature Our Hard Lives
There is no possibility, velakin is close to impossible
I flow my rebellion, I live a waste of people from it
I was wasted the moment I came across me
When Sheikh loves Zaaf (weakness)
My lover is a love all over (love, love)
The heart in my hands is the damn city in the city felfecire goods (goods, goods)
"Come with me!" I would come to the deepest
I'm a victim in the story, I'm x person
However, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Nothing when you think it can't break '
Suddenly it will be destroyed, relationship is risk work
Drink whiskey, three ice and a dirty beat
Go to the vigils on top now!
Find a bitch with a feeling and make it as many bastards
After all, isn't it the same breed? (Haha)
We searched, we called Alade Barriers
The wanderers of my space shuttle
Paradox worlds parallel universes
All galaxy systems and only planets
You are a rare part that I don't love you
You are missing in the most similar
And the maximum of the maximum turning in the orbit
Love You Dear Axis, I am your fefen, hey!
365 days, let me night
One day kiss my lips, "Good morning."
Born to me, born to me, born once
Or yo, be a lie, be forbidden forever, dream
You Might Also Like [Bridge]
Pluto (or Yo)
Pluto (be a lie)
Pluto (Be Haram)
Pluto (born to me)
Pluto (or Yo)
Pluto (be a lie)
Pluto (dream)

[Chorus]
Behind the giant planets
The shining universe is cheeky from the suburbs
Pluto is aware of the doner axis
This is a game actually
(Pluto) Behind the giant planets
The shining universe is cheeky from the suburbs
Pluto is aware of the doner axis
This is a game in fact (Pluto) 9embed