Greater than you Lyrics [letter from "greater than you"]

[Intro: Natti Natasha, Wisin & Yandel]
Last night, last night—
Last night (Pina Records)
I dreamed of you again (presents)
I dreamed that you devoured me (Natti Natasha)
The bed was witness (W, Yandel)

[Chorus: Yandel, Natti Natasha, Wisin & Daddy Yankee]
And I don't care that I am greater than you (you already know)
That the DJ puts reggaeton (the maximum leader)
And he wins the killamo ’on the wall (turn!)
And I don't care that I am less than you
That the DJ puts reggaeton (eat on)
And he wins the killamo 'on the wall (eh-e, double-double)
[Verse 1: wisin]
If the DJ can hard us the dembow (hard!), Met it with flow (hard!)
You know ’of all ', it loses control (AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
It takes us 'twenty thousand pa' exploit it 'in the mall (you know' already)
A crossover and tre 'like Chris Paul (turn!)
There is no John Paul (hard!), Mint yourself in the elevator (hard!)
Baby, give it to pa'rriba and shake the engine (tra-tra-tra-tra-tra-trada!)
She turns on the cigarette, in her hand alcohol (always)
And jump out of the middle, which she is in Sport Mode (hey)
Just eat sushi (hard!), Gucci clothes (huh, h!)
I imagine you dancing in the jacuzzi (huh, eh!)
Fifty envious ’treating or to compete
Baby, but you kills them ’and sends them 'to sleep

[Chorus: Yandel, Natti Natasha, Daddy Yankee & Wisin]
And I don't care that I am greater than you (Woh, Woh-Oh)
That the DJ puts reggaeton (woh)
And wins the killamo 'on the wall (woh-oh; eat on)
And I don't care that I am less than you
That the DJ puts reggaeton (eh-eh)
And he wins the killamo 'on the wall (Natti, you tell me ’)

[Verse 2: Natti Natasha, Wisin & Yandel]
PA-PA-PA-PAPI, I call you and with my mind I had an adventure (Yeah)
An indecent proposal that made me that it has me crazy (you know; crazy)
And my bed invokes you (hard!)
They wins the killamo 'on the wall (OH-OH)
Do what you want 'and don't stop' (huh)
And he wants me to kiss him
There and that Natti grows
Remove your clothes even if you are just dreaming of you
I feel that you touch me and I have to imagine it (tell me, yandel)
You Might Also Like [Choir: Yandel, Natti Natasha & Daddy Yankee]
And I don't care that I am greater than you (Woh, Woh-Oh)
That the DJ puts reggaeton (woh)
And wins the killamo 'on the wall (woh-oh; eat on)
And I don't care that I am less than you (legendaddy)
That the DJ puts reggaeton (the goat)
And he wins the killamo 'on the wall (EH-EH, EH-EH)

[Verse 3: Daddy Yankee]
As was? He doesn't want a shamaquito that is zero (huh!)
That always fucking with the zeal '(huh!)
Mommy, dare (huh!), Crazy, move (huh!)
That she wants one to teach the game
Dangerous, vamo 'pa'onde wants' that walks' with the tortoso
Somo 'Almost Jevo', almost boyfriend ', almost husband'
Embuste, it is a healthy, Bellacous chor
And he tells me: "Come, eat and go"
Bum, Shakala, I'm the best to get him (huh, eh, eh)
He always calls me because I'm his toy (huh, eh, eh)
Is that nobody like me gives him (huh, eh, eh)
I am the one who takes away loneliness (eh)
He says he doesn't care about age-faddad (eh, h)

[Verse 4: Yandel, Wisin & Daddy Yankee]
I remember every detail (oh-oh, eh-eh; tra, tra, tra, tra)
As I touched you there was no one touched you (eh-eh; you know 'that you ere' mine)
The night knows me (zumba, yandel) to evil '(always)
Fulfill your fantasy (eh-eh), you just tell me qule '(woh; tra, tra, tra, tra, tra, tra, tra)
(Wisin and Yandel)
[Choir: Daddy Yankee, Natti Natasha, Wisin & Yandel]
And I don't care that I am greater than you ('toy put pa' ti)
That the DJ puts reggaeton
And he wins the killamo 'on the wall (dy)
And I don't care that I am less than you
That the DJ puts reggaeton
And he wins the killamo 'on the wall (EH-EH, EH-EH)

[Outro: wisin & daddy yankee]
This is done so that the world dance reggaeton
Who are they?
W, Yandel
Natti Natasha
Daddy Yankee
DJ Luian
Mambo Kingz
Holy Child
In the control ', raphy pina, hahahaha
Grabber yourself, don't go 'to dizzy
A legendaddy joint
Daddy, I'm in my forty and always, hahaha1embed