DESCAR (REMIX) LYRICS [LETTER OF "DECARTA (REMIX)" FT. Wisin & Yandel]

[Intro: wisin]
This is the remix

[Chorus 1: Yandel, Wisin]
You see it, you see it, you see it
But tell me if you see it (W, Yandel)
You see it 'in a skiing' soli치 '
Corner ', as if it doesn't happen na'
You see it, you see it, you see it (gentlemen, yomo)
But tell me if you see it (Aha!)
You see it 'in a skiing' soli치 '
Skirt ', as if it doesn't happen na'
[Post-Coro: Yomo, Yandel, Wisin]
Play with your hair, your fabric looks good
And here I have it in candle
I'm going to first, uoh-uoh (ha!)

[Verse 1: yomo & wisin]
You see it as if it doesn't happen na '(jeh)
In the corner, like cooking (jeh)
As we said right now (beautiful, beautiful)
Crazy, crazy, loquita (tah)
Remove remove
I, crazy, crazy, and her loquita
Remove remove
I, crazy, crazy, and her loquita
Remove remove
I, crazy, crazy, and her loquita
Bold (you already know)
What's your name? (Lasted)
My name is Yomo, how?
I'm really berto
In this an expert
Mom, I'm looking for a cemetery
Because I have to bury a dead dead tonight (Shh-Shh, Pla!)
Give it nine days (you)
I want you to be mine
In me bedroom-chamber
Hey, lights off, ga-ga
You, ga-ga-ya (ga-ga-ya, ga-ga-ya)
Crazy pa'l face '
Hey, you know that you are stark '(everyone knows)
Do not be guils my sister
You are not fine, you are a shameless' (Yandel!)
You Might Also Like [saying: Yandel & Yomo, Wisin]
Discard ', in a postia corner' (Aj치!)
Hand in the hair, with little fabric (hard)
From there the veil (Aha!), She is in zeal

Corner 'in a postia corner'
Hand in the hair, hand in the hair
With little fabric, from there the veil (hey, baby)
She is in heat (your knees hurt)

[Verse 2: wisin]
Mommy, take off the tacos, are burning the bags
I want to touch you, think that this is a robbery (you know now)
I walk with Yandel, with yomo, with the short and with the chacos
You snore from killer and I'm going to get you
Let me kiss your ear, the thing is a couple (Aha!)
Discard ', without fear, get me with the fence
Four in the morning and she has no complaint
I am sure that after here she breaks me out (you know now)
I love that street flow, make me your prisoner
Orient your friends who formed the reguero (how?)
Leaders with Yomo
(You know, doing millions, gentlemen, like this', Tah!)

[Verse 3: yomo]
Simple I tell the ear
Hey has a friend for my friend? (AHA)
That walks with me and this deleter'o
Soliao ', single, I have me lao'
Vamo 'there and start letting go
What should? Tell me, what do you want to take?
A drink I invite you, we are going to house, what happens?
Let's leave ourselves' e wasa
[Chorus 2: Yomo, Yandel, Wisin]
You came for the album to kill you
Give it that I'm going to kill you, ma '(jeh)
You came for the album to kill you
Give it that I'm going to kill you, ma '(jeh)
Hey, ma'-ma ', I'm going to kill you, ma'
That I am going to kill you, ma '(aha)
I'm going to kill you, ma '
I feel that you 'go out of controlled

[Saying: Yandel, Wisin]
Discard ', in a postia corner'
Hand in the hair, with little fabric (aha)
From there the veil (aha), she is in heat (jeh)
Corner 'in a postia corner'
Hand in her hair (she knows), with little fabric
From there the veil, she is in heat (she has control)

[Verse 4: yomo]
Dale, Wisin, Cucal치
Yandel, she's wrong for ', as a gun about to shoot
I feel your breathing
My chest wants to get out of my heart
I am losing the notion of time
And the wind blowing from the air conditioning
And you by my side, together desperate
In an intense, crazy, meso
Silence, suspense
They were moments, moments
You did not know that I am a singer

[Chorus 2: Yomo & Yandel]
You came for the album to kill you
Give him, I'm going to kill you, ma '
You came for the album to kill you
Give him, I'm going to kill you, ma '

[Saying: yomo]
Discard ', in a postia corner'
Hand in the hair, with little fabric
From here the veil, she is in heat
Corner 'in a postia corner'
Hand in the hair
Tra-tra-tra-tra-tra-tra-tra-tra-trans

[Outro]
Hey, Haze, Double W, Yandel (Memo)
We walk with yomo
That means that we really
We started a trip there (in Jet)
And you can never get simple
Yomo pa ', the leaders arrived
The dynamic duo, (Looney Tunes) Victor "El Nasi", Nesty
MEMO, HAZE, WISIN, YANDEL, YOMO1EMBED