I do not see you (remix) lyrics [letter of "I do not see you (remix)"]

[Enter: Anuel AA]
Real until death, he heard, baby?
The phone (OH-OH-OH, OH-OH) does not respond
She doesn't even answer the 'text' (OH-OH-OH, OH-OH, OH-OH)
I don't know how, but he forgot (uah)
Baby, I need your 'text' (Illuminati, you heard, baby?)

[Chorus: Anuel AA & Casper Magic]
What happened that I don't see you? (I see you)
One day 'you are here and the other loyal' (Uah-Uah)
He plays' with my mind and I dizzy (dizziness)
I am a prisoner and of your body I am a prisoner, I!
What happens that I don't see you? (-EO)
One day you are here and the other lEJO '(Uah-Uah)
He plays' with my mind and I dizzy (dizziness)
I am imprisoned, from your jail I am a inmate, I!
Uah-uah (real until death, he heard, baby?)
[Verse 1: Anuel AA]
Baby, nothing prevents you from loving you (love you)
But everything prevents you from forgetting (forgetting)
I just want your body on me, baby, pa 'guayarte (pa' guayarte)
I "remember 'are never forgotten (uah)
And you ere 'the love of my life (uah)
Baby, I love you all, but I'm always going to hate the farewell (farewell)
And you went with another bastard (Baby)
And I hunting him (baby), looking for him (looking for him), uah
I spend listening to Bad Bunny, I'm worse (uah)
Hating him and in my mind killing him (baby), uah

[Chorus: Anuel AA & Casper Magic]
What happened that I don't see you? (I see you)
One day 'you are here and the other loyal' (and the other loyal ')
He plays' with my mind and I dizzy (dizziness)
I am a prisoner and of your body I am a prisoner, I!
What happens that I don't see you? (I see you)
One day you are here and the other loyal '(and the other loyal')
He plays' with my mind and I dizzy (I dizzy)
I am imprisoned, from your jail I am a inmate (eo!)

[Verse 2: Magic casper]
(Casper!)
Another day I woke up without you
Like crazy because you are not here
From my 'error' I already regretted
And what I promised, it was for yourself that I did not comply
To eat you whole I have to 'the Tip
My heart seeks you, apparently you made an R.I.P. (AH)
Sorry for the vece 'that I pretended
Now you were you who booted me, Yeh-eh
You Might Also Like [Bridge: Magic casper, Anuel AA]
No matter how much I do not understand what happened to you
Tell me if another your heart stole me
He fell in love, now I have to forget you
But your memory follows me at all 'part' (uah-uah)

[Chorus: Anuel AA & Casper Magic]
What happened that I don't see you? (I see you)
One day 'you are here and the other loyal' (and the other loyal ')
He plays' with my mind and I dizzy (dizziness)
I am a prisoner and of your body I am a prisoner, I!
What happens that I don't see you? (Nosotro 'somo' the magic ', baby; I see you)
One day you are here and the other loyal '(and the other lEJO'; Casper!)
He plays' with my mind and I dizzy (I dizzy)
I am imprisoned, from your jail I am a inmate (Uah-Uah)

[Outro: Anuel AA & Casper Magic]
Anuel
Real until death, he heard, baby?
Mere, tell me casper, hahaha
The 'untouchable, the' illuminati ', do you hear, baby?
Héctor Lavoe, baby
Mera, tell me eq
(Mera, says Martino)
Mera, tell me frabian
(Mera, says Shorty Complete)
Uah-Uah (the true child
OH-AH (Mera, tell me Kronix Magical), EH-EH (those of magic)
OH-AH (real until death), EH-EH2EMBED