Pulling crazy bullets Lyrics [lyrics by "pulling crazy bullets"]

[Intro]
OH-OUH
You Got To Be Ready for This One, Man
Wuh!

[Chorus]
Because in my combo you are not afraid of anyone, any man
If you want 'music and' music, or not 'vamo' street? I don't like the names'
Detainees of the Perco and the 'Instagram the handsome' hide (tempo what are you doing?)
Taking a bullet 'crazy' to see who responds, why?
[Verse 1]
Because without a cushion 'I have a guy and guy, or perencejo
That you are worth tеner the 'tresciento' dе spartan ', if you ere' a asshole
Mamabicho, an accent in Toa 'Las Vocale', animal in the jungle, the king stands out
A guy in the mouth (PRR) and Forensic will recognize you for the 'Cordale'
My foot 'in the' Pedale ', Christian Louboutin on my foot' (Christian Louboutin on my foot '; Wuh!)
The style e 'very pillo, the Delivery Flow Ups, Yes
I'M The Drill King, Smelebicho, I'M The Best
And die 'thousand cube', parcero, do you want war? Well, make him (make him then haha)
And I don't have anyone, I defend myself, 'and nobody depending
I only depend on the gain 'of what is put on
How do I feel? (How do I feel?), Ah?
I feel great, legal and I have more 'money that before', and what drugs' I don't sell (ah!)
Cold as Limber, with the 'Jersey' and the Timber
I remember that I cracked a chamaquito in Kindergarten (Pu-Pu-Pum!)
You don't ere 'street, no (ah?), You have always been a fake (fake)
U-u-a because of man, a scam (exact), you are simon that of Tinder

[Chorus]
Because in my combo you are not afraid of anyone, any man
If you want 'music and' music, or not 'vamo' street? I don't like the names'
Detainees of the Perco and the 'Instagram the handsome' hide (ah?)
Taking a bullet 'crazy' to see who responds (haha)
Because in my combo you are not afraid of anyone, any man
If you want 'music and' music, or not 'vamo' street? I don't like the names'
Detrotes' of the Perco and the 'Instagram the handsome' hide (Yeah-Yeah)
Taking a bullet 'crazy' to see who responds (haha)
You Might Also Like [verse 2]
Cabrone ', I want them to look at me (Wuh!)
Look at me, look at me, tell me, tell me what what they see (Yes)
What you never in the drill may be
And I don't even blame them, that's why you, you, send me, imitate me (ha)
Critic me now, incite me, to the war invite me
I'm going to get pa 'your song, I'm the best, congratulate me (congratulate me)
Hey, and Ubíquense (One, Two, One, Two), and you know me well (Yeah-Yeah)
Look and promote me (pum-pum!), And then housing me (prrra!; Haha)
Please, retain (haha), more fame and money for me, so sopore me
Let's go! (Pum-pum-pum!; Ah)

[Chorus]
Because in my combo you are not afraid of anyone, any man
If you want 'music and' music, or not 'vamo' street? I don't like the names'
I detrá 'of the Perco and the' Instagram the handsome 'hide
Taking a bullet 'crazy' to see who responds

[Outro]
Yeah-Yeah (haha)
You know me, man (count)
Haha (count)
Ha!
Baby
Saint Cardonaembed