We are Clear Lyrics ["We are Clear" ft letter. Bad Bunny]

[Intro: Miky Woodz & Bad Bunny]
Yeah-Yeah
Earthlings on The Beats
The OG, Ey
Miky Woodz
Bad Bunny, Baby
I will not be lying to you

[Choir: Miky Woodz & Bad Bunny, both]
MANÍN, WE ARE CLEAR (NO-NO-NO !; CLEAR; MIKY WOODZ)
I put "Goldberg" to the stick because when I squeeze, he makes the Spear (Spear; Prr-prr-prr)
And look what cushone ', now I get to the album (TRR, AH)
And it's like LeBron to arrive with to 'the cavaliers (gang, gang), bo
Manín, we are Clear, Yeh (NO-NO-NO)
The combs are Clear (Yeh-Yeh)
I snoring 'and I just finished your career (rrr!; Your career)
And see what cushion ', the last one rolled me (Let's get it)
I snapped at the pole Tommy Hilfiger
[Verse 1: Miky Woodz]
Prr! Prr-Pr-Pr-Prr, Hol 'Up, Wait, UH (Ey, EY)
First than a 'my sister, take two' to the attitude '(ey; -Uu')
You know me 'I don't know who you are (I Don't)
We lowered 'the picket to the most' piktu '(what pahó, bastard?)
If you see that I do not speak to you, Nigga, I Don's Fuck with You (Don't Fuck with You)
What are you walking with your boss? Fuck This Nigga Too, Ey (Fuck This Nigga Too)
I dreamed it, bastard, this was a dejà vu (Yes, Sir)
That I took the piece and the first one that started running was the cojonu ', ey (haha; ey)
I was born real, then, I died (normal)
Death as you want will arrive, although that whore I do not wait for it (Hol 'Up)
Peliculero 'to my my I don't want them (no)
In case they are going to kill me, they kill me by warming with my warrior '(vamo' a followed 'war)
MANÍN, WE ARE Clear (Yeah; Clear)
Because in To's Lao 'I am transparent (mm-jmm)
Everything real, not as these people (do you know 'what I tell you?)
I do not think of the past, I think of present (why?)
Because it's always the same; The one who speaks behind my back ', I mama' e front (ah; i'm done)

[Choir: Miky Woodz & Bad Bunny, both]
MANÍN, WE ARE CLEAR, YEH (NO-NO-NO !; CLEAR)
I put "Goldberg" to the stick because when I squeeze, he makes the Spear (Spear; Prr-prr-prr)
And look what cushone ', now I get to the album (TRR, AH)
And it's like LeBron arrive with to 'the cavaliers (gang, gang; yeah!)

[Verse 2: Bad Bunny & Miky Woodz]
I walk with a 'Balenciaga that are not achieved
These cabrone 'to's hate me and at the same time follow me
I went from the minimum salary and living the 'tips (tips)
To have a Flow Mtv Cribs house (Yeh!), Yeh, Yeh
Bring the bottle ', which came the Nwo (Huh!)
Drake arrived with ovo (Yeh!)
The real movie, not HBO (no, no!)
And the Rafagazo (rrr, rrr!), I was the one who sent it to you, Yeh (rrra!)
Las Moña 'Son Swiss cheese (Huh!)
21, I don't laugh 'with Amber if Wiz already gave him (no!)
To'a the 'retro and the' yeezy before 'of relay (hah-hah)
They turn, do not pass the maybe (Yeh!)
Without competition, I feel LeBron in the East (King!)
Undertaker arrived to give you rest in peace (hah)
You ere 'Chota or you ere' police? (Chota)
You do not ere 'hypocrita, bastard, you ere' the hypocrisy (ah)
The new religion, it is me the Messiah (Hallelujah)
That came to do what none did (Huh!)
You Might Also Like [Choir: Miky Woodz & Bad Bunny, both]
MANÍN, WE ARE CLEAR (NO-NO-NO !; CLEAR)
I put "Goldberg" to the stick because when I squeeze to 'he makes the Spear (Spear; Prr-Prr-Prr)
And look what cushone ', now I get to the album (TRR, AH)
And it's like LeBron to arrive with to 'the cavaliers (gang, gang; yeh, yeh), bo
Manín, we are clear, yeh (Clear, No-No-No!)
The combs are Clear (Yeh-Yeh)
I snoring 'and I just finished your career (prr; ah; your career)
And see what cushion ', the last one rolled me (Let's get it)
I snapped at him in the pole Tommy Hilfiger (Skrt, Skrt; -Figer)

[Verse 3: Miky Woodz & Bad Bunny]
Do not try, bo, that does not fall 'Feka Never (no-no)
It's Level to this shit, is another 'level' (Ye-Yyeah)
The whore 'chase me since I go on TV (you)
And I chasing President 'Dead in Papele' (More Money; You Feel Me?)
As I do not do '(do'!), Tego in 2002 (oh!)
Always giving grace 'to' for the picket he gave me, Yeh (Mera, Dile ', Bad Bunny)
Take care, that the Cuban does not be misunderstood (not falling 'feca)
You 'have a ticket, but because of the' dye '(Never)
The 'humper and the' packaging
I called the Conne 'and again the' cache (eh)
We have plenty of the picket, we have the cache left over, Yeh
First that I chiché (huh)
I wasn't like that, but I rammed (no)
Twenty threw me and To's Piché (Hah!)
Manín, 'Tamos Clear (RRR; Everything Real)
The champion (Let's get it)
If the picket is smuggling, I am Al Capone (EY)
GUCI Gang, Flow Lil Pump (HAH)
For my respect the Pope and Donald Trump falls (do you know 'what I tell you?)
My flow does not low
That everyone who the progress of others hurts (Yeah, Yeah, Yeah; I'M Done; Prr!)
[Outro: Miky Woodz & Bad Bunny]
Miky Woodz (bastards)
Earthlings in The Beats
Miky Woo
The OG, EY, the OG, EY-EY
Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh, Yeh, Yeh-Yeh
Bad Bunny, Baby
Bad Bunny, Baby-by
The Association of the 90 Pikete ', bastard (-bé)
Mera, indicating, Bad Bunny
What punches you void? (Baby)
People asked for it and 'tamo pa' make money, bastard (Huh!)
No capeamo 'feca (pa' more na '), never
Yeh, until 2090 or new notice
Yeh-Yeh
The new religion, PRR
Mera, indicating, Luian
Hear This
Gold2 Latin Music, Nigga
Trap Kingz, Baby
Young Hustle for Life
Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh-Yeh!
Turn one and vamo 'to make money, punch (prr)
Pichy Boy and Skary
Mera, indicating, Javish
What Up?
Manín, we are Clear (Clear, Clear)
Yeh-Yeh
AH11EMBED