Hatchback Remix LyricsLil L.A. Marz - Hatchback Remix Ft. Cochise
Lyrics


[Intro]
(Yeah L.A. went hard on this)
Turn that bitch up (Turn that bitch up), uh
Yo' Cochise, A weh dem a seh?
(L.A. who the fuck?)
Bullet!
Bah!
I been, uh, I been
I been, uh, uh (yeah, yeah)
Uh, yeah, yeah
Uh, uh, uh (Javvi)
Yeah, yeah
Hook: (Cochise and Lil L.A. Marz)
Kuwabara (Uh)
Bitch, I'm tough
Who he with? Who he with?
Not with us, us, us
That boy, uh, that boy, uh, that boy sus (That boy sus)
Get the pump, that's a must, I don't trust (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh cool, okay, oh cool (Uh) (yeah)
In Tokyo (Uh), I'm with my ghouls (Uh, uh) (Uh, uh)
My shooters up (Uh), no Liverpool (Uh) (yeah, uh)
In Tokyo (Uh), I'm with my ghouls (Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh), okay (yeah, yeah)

Verse 1: (Cochise)
Uh, I'ma go run up a check (A check)
Like Akatsuki, I'm deep in my set (My set)
Just like mizu, I'm leaving her wet (Her wet)
That boy broke, why he talking 'bout bet? (Get)
I'm getting hella upset (That's it)
If you come, better come up,correct (Correct)
619, put my foot on they neck (They neck)
Uh, relay
Run it up, replay
She come over my way
Third eye with it, Hiei
Niggas, they mad 'cause I'm stunnin' (Stunt)
Tell that nigga to stop all that frontin' (All that front)
All on IG, she suck in her stomach
Get the bread and it come in abundant
I want twenties, I don't want no hunnids (Hunnids)
Spent a check and another one comin' (Comin')
That boy mad 'cause he getting him nothin' (Him nothin')
Had to wake up and grind up for somethin' (For somethin')
Heard you a ho', but I saw yo' ass runnin' (Runnin')
How you leaving if you know I'm comin'? (Yeah)
You heard the scream, you started duckin' (Uh)
Pull up to the scene and niggas was buggin' (Uh)
I had to—, uh
You might also likeBridge: (Cochise)
Yeah, my pockets is big like my gap (Yeah)
My niggas, they real and they strap (Uh)
My shorty, she slim and she fat (Uh)
I could pull up, just stay where you at (Uh)
Better hope I don't catch where you lack (Uh)
I might put the whole team on my back (Uh)
Everywhere that I go, I had to snap (Uh)
Had to sip on that gin, had a match (Uh)

Verse 2: (Lil L.A. Marz)
I bet I got a nigga thinkin' like who am I (who you?)
Someone gonna make you die (yeah)
Hope you will survive (uh)
You talkin' to a nigga that could make two worlds collide (for real)
Just don’t waste yo time (aye)
You just gon end yo life
1300, L.A. in this bitch, and we raidin' shit
Make a fit, or I'll raise my fist, imma shape yo lip (yeah)
Make me sick, that boy hella sus, he someone favorite bitch
Tasted dick, I know dat nigga was, he on some crazy shit
I ain’t got no friends like Lil Uzi Vert (yeah, yeah)
Don’t want my brudda to die, better shoot me first (bah, yeah)
Put me in a coffin wit a Gucci shirt (yeah, yeah)
I’d rather die than live through a movie curse (yeah, yeah)
Takin' all my niggas to Japan, yeah
Asian bitch had asked me if I’m JB with a tan, yeah
No sorry but like Mosey, “I woke up like the man”, aye
Yeah, I’m with the goons and I pull up with the bands, aye, the bands, aye
Hook: (Cochise and Lil L.A. Marz)
(Yeah)
Kuwabara (Uh)
Bitch, I'm tough
Who he with? Who he with?
Not with us, us, us
That boy, uh, that boy, uh, that boy sus (That boy sus)
Get the pump, that's a must, I don't trust (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh cool, okay, oh cool (Uh) (yeah)
In Tokyo (Uh), I'm with my ghouls (Uh, uh) (Uh, uh)
My shooters up (Uh), no Liverpool (Uh) (Uh)
In Tokyo (Uh), I'm with my ghouls (Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh), okay (I'm with my ghouls) (yeah, yeah)

Verse 3: (Lil L.A.  Marz)
I’m with the crew, all black like Gru
I’m talkin' bout the fit, aye (yeah)
Like the cool cat, aye (yeh)
Wait, who is that?
Top Cat, but he's wearin' all purple
Meant to say that, but I’m off of the purple (Ouu)
Swervin' too fast, I was dashin' in circles (yeah)
All of deez niggas be doin' the most
Swear to god, all of dem niggas my clones
Even tho I ain’t out yet, but deez niggas be bitin' like I am a foe
I haven’t left the house yet, but I’m doin' all this without a phone
Still don’t want you to hit my line
I just want you to leave me alone
I’m not a fan of no hatchback, but if I had one it’ll been a all black Civic
Pedal to the floor and I let my foot kiss it
Black Air Forces as a car, new missions
With a quickness, we do business
Slick like Rick, we slime like sickness
Cover yo mouth, don’t want yo disease
Bless it with the choppa, no sneeze
Now you know I got the choppa on me
Not Gucci or Louie, or Prada on me
Don’t get me wrong I want it all
That NLE Top Shotta on me
Bro wet like he got thrown in a pool
Not once, not twice, but a lot in his jewels
Smoked with the lead, hit hard like a Juul
Laughin' like Eggman cuz you a fool

Bridge: (Cochise)
Yeah, my pockets is big like my gap (Yeah)
My niggas, they real and they strap (Uh)
My shorty, she slim and she fat (Uh)
I could pull up, just stay where you at (Uh)
Better hope I don't catch where you lack (Uh)
I might put the whole team on my back (Uh)
Everywhere that I go, I had to snap (Uh)
Had to sip on that gin, had a match (Uh)

Verse 4: (Cochise)
Had to pull on that thing like a hatch (Uh, uh, uh)
I had to get to the racks (Uh, uh)
I had to get me a stack (Uh)
Don't got the time to relax (Uh)
Me and the bread is attached (Uh)
Third eye it fit with a patch (Uh)
I had to fight with the black (Uh, damn)
Had to wake up and chase to the sack (Uh)
I'm chasing the sack (Okay)
Niggas, they mad cause I'm black (Okay)
I had to—, with the black (Okay)
All my niggas, we comin' through nice (Okay)
All my niggas we—, nice (Okay, yeah)
Ruby, they built like a max (Okay)
I had a—, fuck up the packs (Okay)
Yeah, I'm sipping that packs (Okay)
Heard these niggas, they actin' like—, uh, yeah (Yeah)
And these niggas, they lack, yeah (Yeah)
And they lookin' relaxed, yeah
Yeah, and these niggas they laughin', they like Jack Black (Yeah)
Yeah, Jack Black (Yeah)

Hook: (Cochise and Lil L.A. Marz)
Kuwabara (Uh)
Bitch, I'm tough
Who he with? Who he with?
Not with us, us, us
That boy, uh, that boy, uh, that boy sus (That boy sus)
Get the pump, that's a must, I don't trust (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh cool, okay, oh cool (Uh) (yeah)
In Tokyo, I'm with my ghouls (Uh, uh)
My shooters up (Uh), no Liverpool (Uh) (yeah, uh)
In Tokyo, I'm with my ghouls (yeah, yeah)

[Outro]
In Tokyo, I'm with my ghouls (yeah)
In Tokyo, I'm with my ghouls
(Javvi, you went crazy on this one)1Embed