Hot Boy Lyrics[Intro: Bankroll Fresh & Cassius Jay]
That boy Cassius
Yeah, Fresh
You know the streets 'bout this shit, nigga
I walk around this motherfucker fully loaded
Loaded, loaded, fully
Yeah

[Verse 1: Bankroll Fresh]
Come through looking like a dope dealer (Get it)
I ain't stuntin' none of ya'll broke niggas (None of y'all)
At the trap spot where we post, nigga (Get it)
I'm a get a mansion and a boat, nigga (Get it)
Ferragamo frames and a coat, nigga (Fresh)
Fuck girlfriend, she's a gold digger
One thing I don't need is no nigga
Bought a AMG Benz cause it go quicker (Skrr)
Fresh in the VIP, lit up (Lit up)
Fuck nigga try and get hit up (Woo!)
All it take is one call, nigga (Call, nigga)
I have a nigga set at ya'll niggas (Hello?)
Instagram timeline full of ya'll bitches
Ya'll niggas unofficial trying to act official (What?)
You a pussy ass nigga, and I know it, nigga (I know it)
You a pussy ass nigga, and you show it, nigga
Ballin' real hard, real, real, real hard
They don't even like the fact, know I'm playing with the set
Had the motherfucker offset white
Then I had to paint the motherfucker black, how you love that?
Ballin' like a motherfucking Hot Boy, like we in '98
Nigga, how it look? Juvie
Young nigga ballin', I made a movie
All these hoes in the jacuzzi (Hey)
[Chorus: Bankroll Fresh]
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Juvie
Stickin' to the G-Code, 400, Beast Mode, y'all niggas know how we do it
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, nigga, Lil Weezy
Feelin' like Birdman and Meechy, block out, lights out, nigga, we eatin' (What you did?)
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, nigga, B. Gizzle
Chopper in the city, I'm the motherfucking made man, ya'll pussy niggas in the middle
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, nigga, Young Turk
Young nigga, thuggin' is first, young nigga puttin' in work

[Verse 2: Bankroll Fresh]
All-star, 2014, I was drunk as fuck on Bourbon
Young nigga just swervin'
Young nigga just splurgin'
I came from servin'
Young nigga home workin'
400 degrees.  Tuesdays... and Thursdays
Beat the block, like Mannie Fresh
Young nigga been had a check
Quiet as hell, like Uncle Slim
You can tell I got some M's
If I don't, I'm gon' get them
Olympic pool bitch take a swim
Guerilla warfare for you and him
Soulja rag for Soulja Slim
Fuck around in the Magnolia
All my Atlanta niggas screaming, "What up, whoadie?"
Big Rollie, VVS's loaded
In the projects, niggas want to hold it
Play around I'm a unload it
Real shit, nigga, unfolded
Bankrolls, nigga, overloaded
Nigga playing, my shit golden
You might also like[Chorus: Bankroll Fresh]
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Hot Boy, Juvie
Stickin' to the G-Code, 400, Beast Mode, y'all niggas know how we do it
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, nigga, Lil Weezy
Feelin' like Birdman and Meechy, block out, lights out, nigga, we eatin'
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, nigga, B. Gizzle
Chopper in the city, I'm the motherfucking made man, ya'll pussy niggas in the middle
Ballin' like a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, a Hot Boy, nigga, Young Turk
Young nigga, thuggin' is first, young nigga puttin' in work

[Outro]
That's you in that 'Big Body Benz', huh?14Embed